

Epilog I




Duke Matthias Von Herhardt’s news of death in the battlefield threw the whole nation into a state of mourning. Every newspaper in the country ran front-page obituaries about the Duke’s illustrious life. And it came as the most delightful surprise to everyone when he returned alive.

The surprising news of Duke Herhardt’s ludicrous marriage quickly overshadowed the amazement of his miraculous return from the dead, however.

The wedding bells were scheduled to ring at summer’s end.

Unthinkable: a marriage between a prominent imperial nobleman and a lowly orphan girl. Furthermore, she was the adopted daughter of a mere gardener who worked in the Duke’s estate.

That was just the outset of the girl’s checkered past. When word got out that she was once engaged to be married to the son of the Herhardt’s family physician, even the families with whom the Herhardts had great relations felt gravely concerned.

“He must have suffered a serious head injury! Why would he scare everyone with such a news if he was in his right mind? There are already so many patients still traumatised from the shock of war! Did we need more distress?!”

“If that’s the case, there’s no way Herhardt’s dowagers would have given their permission. I heard that he even had a child with her who was born at the end of last year!”

“I beg your pardon? So the Duke was involved in such a clandestine affair, when he was courting Lady Claudine?”

“So, now Matthias Von Herhardt is marrying the mistress who has his illegitimate child? Oh my God, I smell a honey trap.”

“This is a betrayal and an insult to us all. I wont be going to the wedding. Such a woman holding the title of Duchess is unacceptable.”

Such whispers flowed around the city like a rising tide or the leading edge of an oncoming storm.

Everyone you met or socialized with had an opinion on the looming wedding of Duke Matthias von

Herhardt and low born woman.

When someone dared to speak out in public, all the gentry would form a line behind the outspoken individual, shaking their heads in disdain and mumbling under their breath. They were always so eager to reinforce their narrow viewpoint, only backing the fight that benefited them personally. They still intended to take advantage of the situation without sparing a thought to the Duke, who they had once held in such high regard.


“But, no matter how despicable we find it, its the Herhardts we’re talking about here. It’s difficult to run a business in Berg when at odds with them.”

The Herhardt’s business empire was mounting fast. It was tough to voice your disagreement with the Herhardt without inviting their wrath. The family was in the front of an economic boom that was upending the status quo. Especially in urban areas, where they had an especially prominent role in symbolising the traditional order.

The situation appeared more dire as the wedding date for this contentious union approached. Conflict broke out among the nobility when they couldn’t decide whether to side with the Duke and ignore his outrageous decision or sever ties with him altogether.

The wedding was set for a late summer evening in the picturesque state of Arvis, just as the leaves were beginning to change and lend a brilliant hue to the scene.

And the Duke again shocked everyone by opting for a small wedding attended only by close relatives, so ending any talk of boycotting the wedding in protest. This only seemed to add ever greater outrage. Now the Lords and Ladies openly spewed offensive comments to vent their anger.

Doubt filled the rumour mill as talk was turned to that of conspiracy: The Duke was not really getting married and it had all been some jaded publicity stunt!

Nonetheless, the long awaited wedding in question was just around the corner….

It was definitely happening!



As the light shone through the bedroom curtains, which were a poor defence against the bright summer sun, Leyla could see the dried wounds on Matthias’ body.

For the entirety of the night, she had been tossing and turning in bed, unable to get comfortable enough to sleep. She awoke before daylight, lying in bed silently staring at his scars. They made a gruesome map of violence across his body and each one she committed each one to memory. The gunshot on his arm was the only wound of him she recognized.

The usual strikingly handsome appearance of him was unaffected, remaining the same both appearance-wise upon his return from the grip of death. Aside from his appereance, his gesture and facial expression remained unchanged, calm and collected as ever, carrying himself with the same air of refined elegance.

Every aspect of him was still the same.

That simply served to highlight his scars more prominently. His flawless face was in stark contrast to the tangle of dry sores and scars that covered his body.


When Leyla first laid eyes on his mangled physique, she wept. The sight of his wounds broke her heart into a thousand pieces, imagining the pain he must have gone through to acquire them.

“Don’t cry. See, my face is still untouched. Don’t you favour it the most?” Matthias gave her a teasing smile, and pointed to his untainted face to comfort his crying sweetheart.

His joke left her speechless. In her rage, Leyla punched him, but her clenched fist hardly registered on his chest. She didn’t have the energy to apply much force and hurt that man even a little.

Like that day, she reached a hand out from under the blankets and started to trace lines around the cuts. Time would bring healing, but the scars would remain. They did not tarnish the muscular physique of the Duke, but still she failed to quell her grief.

Matthias stirred, sleepily looked at her. His gentle glance emitted a hint of amusement.

“D-does it hurt?” Leyla startled, thinking her touch caused him pain and disturbed his sleep.

“No… you can keep doing it.” Matthias prodded her on, evidently moved by her touch,

A little flustered in front of his fixed gaze, Leyla jerked her hand away, “Get up! You should go now.”

“Go where?”

“Where?” Shyness showing, Leyla frowned at the happenings. “Of course back to your own room!” she continued and gestured toward the door that led to their shared bedroom. “Before the chamber maids come in.”

Both soon-to-be-weds, who had been living together at Ratz Mansion, travelled to Arvis for the wedding. The beautiful landscape of Arvis refreshed her, fueled her body and soul, but her cheerful state was short-lived.

Leyla felt unwelcome. The rumours around the pair grew in intensity with each day, even the staff were failing to hide their thoughts on the matter and openly started to display their discourtesy. No one seemed able to see past the fact that Leyla Remmer was the adoptive daughter of a gardener, despite they were obligated to treat her with the respect befitting a Duchess.

Even if the attitudes of others weren’t so obviously hostile, Leyla would still feel like an outsider. She could not act like a Duchess over night. This tense and unfavourable situation felt like it was going to last forever, no matter her efforts. She couldn’t express this to anyone, without feeling like she was letting them down.

She knew that her life after marrying Matthias von Herhardt wouldn’t be a happily ever after like in the fairy tales, but it didn’t make confronting her new duties any easier. It also did little to help her deal with the shameful predicament she found herself in.

She had no idea how she’d made it through the past week.


The Dukes residence in Arvis was a lot different place from her familiar world. She had to watch her every word and action. She felt like walking on eggshells and that feeling permeated even her own thoughts. Worst of all, she was separated from Felix, who was like a part of her soul, according to her preference. When she protested, voicing the desire to look after Felix herself, Elysee Von Herhardt stared incredulously at her future daughter-in-law.

“You are Herhardt now!”

The answer was brief, but Leyla could grasp the layers of meanings behind within that simple statement. As a member of the Herhardt family, she was expected to accept and abide by all of the traditions and rules that had been set in place without ever giving rise to her own wilful thinking.

Though difficult, she decided to put up her best effort for the sake of Matthias and their son.

She did not want to get labelled as a troublemaker, especially not with all the gossip floating around, that was bad enough without adding fuel to the fire.

Sadly, the more she tried to blend in with the society, the wider the disparity appeared to get. Despite her title, she never felt like a Duchess.

She could never manage to turn into some socialite “queen” elegant enough to represent the Herhardt’s predecessors.

The first night she spent in Arvis was a welcome reprieve from the stress and exhaustion of the first day. Night appeared with its dark and Leyla was able to unwind in her room after a long day. She was safe from prying eyes, but the room’s grandeur and glitzy decor itself affected her nerves.

Her stomach would churn whenever she made eye contact with the strange women depicted in the pictures that adorned the walls. She felt like being severely reprimanded by their fixed gaze and her heart sank. The portraits even looked at her with judgmental eyes.

She wished she could have wrapped her arms around Felix, to feel his warmth and sweet scent. But she had to let him be, somewhere in the nursery, being tended by a nanny that his grandmother painstakingly picked out for him.

That first night, she could not get any rest. Anxiety and fear kept sleeping a stranger to her as she laid in the bed, staring up at the ceiling, or out the window, unable to calm her racing mind. But then, Matthias suddenly appeared in her room, coming from a door she didn’t even realise was there.

At first, she nearly fainted. Being in a new house, new room, with hidden doors, but Matthias quickly announced himself, seeing the shock on his fiancee’s face. He took her into his arms and they laid together until the morning sun warmed up the room.

Leyla still remembered, quite vividly,when the two duchesses called them and forbade any more private “meeting” before their marriage. Despite having a child together, there was still etiquette and traditions that had to be followed and they were not allowed to share bedrooms until they were married.


Obviously, Mathhias nodded his head in agreement on whatever his mother and grandmother made a request, but he would “forget” the very next moment and and slip into her room in the middle of the night

In a way, it was like they were continuing their secret affair. Leyla was worried about Matthias’ mother and grandmother catching them again, but she couldn’t bring herself to push him out of her room.

She always felt relieved having him by her side. It felt quite similar to holding Felix like a fluffy kitten in her arms, albeit he was a little bigger and warmer. Above all else, his tight embrace gave her the most comfort and relief.

As the dawn fully clearly dispelled the remaining darkness in the room, Leyla’s anxieties had begun to fray once more.

“Go, now. Do you want us to get caught by your mother again?”

Matthias remained still. He laid on his arm, looking at her, his lips stretched out to form a mischievous grin as he watched her fluster. He found it endearing to see how much she fussed over him. She was cute when she behaved like an innocent girl trying to hide her forbidden romance from her parents.

Matthias did not wish to point out her naive act of secrecy. He was enjoying himself in his new role.

“Leyla,” Matthias’s voice was deep and velvety, but tinted with sleepiness as he spoke. His sleepy voice had an allure that made her blush. She felt bashful and awkward, unsure of what to do with her hands. She wringed them out with the covers.

“Smile, Leyla.” He said, out of the blue as he slid his fingers through her unbraided hair. There was something to his tone, a subtle hint of imposing command. Her memory flashed back to the day when she was forced to do as he said. To act however he pleased, to laugh, to cry, and to beg at his will. Leyla stayed quiet for a moment, before shaking her head.

“Don’t order me like that, I hate it.”

Matthias paused, deliberating over his next words, “Could I ask you for a smile, as a present?”

“What present?” Leyla said, pouting. She wasn’t about to entertain any of his childish games

“Well, it’s our wedding day. We should be given presents on our wedding day, Leyla.”

He may have casually brought up their upcoming wedding, but Leyla’s heart sped up and her face flushed with anxiousness anyway. She gave him the eye, started to speak, then glanced around the room before returning to him. She arched an eyebrow at him and and her countenance gradually grew pathetic, as if she were on the point of tears.

“I’m…scared.”

“What? Why? “


“I don’t know, I don’t feel like a real Duchess. I want to work hard and do my best, but what if its not enough? What if me and our son only become a burden for you?”

“That’s not going to happen, Leyla.” Matthias very calmly assured her who was almost wrecking her brain in nervousness.

“How do you know that?!”

“I know.”Matthias leaned in and placed a soft kiss on Leyla’s cheek. “Because I’m not going to let that happen.” His tone did not hold a single note of hesitation, like he had been recursing this conversation. It was very close to bold arrogance. It almost lit the fires of anger in Leyla, to hear him speak so brazenly.

This man still felt so unfamiliar to her, as if she did not know him from before.

She was so happy to have him in her life and moved that he kept his promise to come back to her. At the same time, she felt betrayed that he hid away for two whole seasons. She didn’t feel like she had any room to complain, especially when he casually said that it was all for her.

There was, as always, not a shred of regret or remorse on his face.

A man who could fabricate his own death as a means to achieve a goal should not be considered a good man. It perplexed her and she could not fathom his methods.

Nevertheless, she decided to compromise.

The moment she ran into his arms, when he returned, she embraced the wounds and sorrows of the past, as well as the uncertainty of the future.

All she wanted was to love him.

To love this man, and to be loved by him.

That was the end-all, be-all of everything.

“Again.” Matthias lovingly stroked Leyla’s cheek as he looked into her emerald eyes. She held his stare and smiled, willingly resigning any resistance.

Every day, beginning now, she surely could gift him her smile for the rest of their life. As he said, it was the morning of their wedding day!

The morning, which had started with a quiet gaze, a loving smile and a tender kiss, gradually became brighter and more passionate. The lovers remained entangled in each others arms, much in the same position they had spent the night.

“I’ll give you a present too.”


Matthias kissed Leyla on the forehead before leaving the Duchess’ room. Leyla simply smiled in reply, remaining limp on the bed, tangled within the sheets, visibly worn out after the morning full of raw intimacy.

“It will make me feel good if you look forward to it.”

After said that, he exited the room and closed the door behind him.

Epilog II




Felix von Herhardt quickly won over the hearts of both his grandmother and great-grandmother. The very same day that Mattias brought Leyla and Felix to the Ratz mansion, the Duchess’, Elysee and Norma von Herhardt, fell in love with their grandson.

It wasn’t hard to believe either, the young boy resembled his father so much and reminded the two ladies for a young version of Matthias. That striking resemblance between the father-son pair completely stunned everyone.

How could they deny a child who embodied the shape of a Herhardt so perfectly?

“Do not worry, Elysee, this is what’s best for the child.” Norma comforted her daughter-in-law. A sad expression was plated on her face, yet her voice was kind and had a hint of laughter on its fringes.

“Yes, I know.” Elysee said, nodding slowly as she tried to keep her inner strife and worry at bay. Felix, enfolded in her arms, soothed her dejected heart with a bright and innocent smile.

Early on, Matthias announced his plans to move his family to the Ratz Mansion, along with the family business . They officially announced it as “renovation for a new era” and had major plans to expand exponentially. People knew the real reason behind these sudden changes. Their scandalous marriage was too terrible for everyone to accept, yet vocally opposing it was tough.

Given the materialistic and social concerns within the aristocracy which values material adornments and social class over someone’s noble intentions or hard work, Leyla would never be accepted as a Duchess, even if she legally carried the title.

As far as they could tell, She had nothing that could be used as her spark. She didn’t come from a reputable background, or family of rulers. She had no special talent or skill that made her stand out from the rest of the crowd. She didn’t even seem to have any confidants about her, the sort of forthrightness you’d expect to find in a Duchess. She was smart and with the right guidance, she could learn to cultivate that, but it was going to be difficult for her, to say the least.

No matter how hard Leyla would try, the noble families would never accept her into the ranks of their social circles. She would never be able to meet the standards they set for others. That’s just the vile truth of the today’s social world they were living in.

Matthias knew very well how disturbing everything already was, how hard it would be for Leyla and for their family, and how draining it would be for his own peace of mind. So before things turned grave and disturbing he decided to move. He believed that it was better to get out now, while they only looked down on them, out of sight, than risk open resentment and rejection later.


The human heart can be very cunning. They looked down on those who compared their loyalties to a wagging dog. They would waste their time distracting others in showing concern for those who hold no care for their ideals and social status. If only to divert attention from their own inadequacies.

People were concerned about Duke Herhardt’s social standing after he distanced himself from the social circle, leaving the hostess’ seat next him practically empty.

“Then you will be crippled, like a bird with only one wing, would you be able to afford that?” Matthias’ Grandmother, Norma von Hearhardt had asked.

“Yes, Grandmother.” Matthias showed no hesitation in the face of Norma’s anxious questions. He didn’t give a hoot about what people in those social castes thought. “In this new era, I will make the Herhardt name shine brighter than ever and we will be the strongest we have ever been.” He continued staring at the spotless yet gloomy sky through the window for more couple of seconds, a smile on his face.

Matthias was careful not to show any unwarranted confidence or unnecessary enthusiasm. He presented his goals and ambition to the two Duchess’ as he saw it, a simple truth. His cold and unflinching attitude was more than enough to reassure the two elderly women. But they still didn’t know why he had sent Leyla to college.

“At least we got a good deal for Felix.” Elysee smiled down at her grandson.

In return for allowing Matthias and Leyla to stay in Ratz, they would have to let Felix stay at Arvis for at least one season at a time. The Duchess Norma believed that, no matter how the world changed, there was always a place for tradition and customs. Values that would be best taught at Arvis, where these values were the strongest. She hoped that the future Duke von Herhardt would grow to embrace and upheld those values.

“Fine, I will acquest your demands, mother.”

Matthias accepted her unreasonable offer without hesitation, surprising Elysee. Perhaps he didn’t realize the agony of being apart from your child for such a lengthy period of time. Given his attachment to Leyla, she expected a fight, but this did not mean that Matthias was neglecting his duties as a father. Elysee knew Matthias better than anyone else, it was not something they could question him about, but Leyla seemed to be the lone exception

Did Leyla know about this arrangement? Elysee thought to herself, as she looked up at the stage of the wedding. Could it be that it was an arbitrary decision Matthias made, that Leyla knew nothing about?

She got the impression that Leyla was not a very cunning girl though she herself considered Leyla was not suited for the position of Duchess. She could see that Leyla was struggling to adjust to her new life, but she was willing to do her best for the sake of her child and Matthias.


Elysee had wondered into the garden after hearing that people were finally starting to arrive. The flowers were in full bloom, soaking up the warm summer sun and spread dazzling colour around the border of the vibrant green lawn.

A handsome groom and a beautiful bride.

If you’ve ever witnessed a wedding, it will be nothing short of a masterpiece compared to this one.

A small number of guests were invited to the wedding, but word of the nuptials quickly spread. The story of this sordid wedding spread throughout all the social circles and the talk was of the new Duchess, Leyla von Herhardt.

Everyone, at the very least, praised Leyla Lewellin’s beauty and agreed that she was a good match for the handsome Matthias von Herhardt. They further said that the beautiful gardens of Arvis were the perfect place for the lovely couple to share their first kiss as husband and wife. Following the solemnization of their holy marriage, the sweet scent of flowers drifted on the breeze, illuminated by the rosy glow of the setting sun.

All too quickly and eagerly did the conversations slip into negativity. Putting up arguments that Leyla had bewitched the Duke some how. Matthias treated his little bride like precious jewel, which was a hard pill to swallow. How had this girl made a cold and hard to reach noble~Matthias von Herhardt behave this way?

For a little while, the disgraced nobility put aside the snub of being excluded from the wedding in favor of being invited to the reception. They hoped the to be invited to the beautiful gardens of Arvis to celebrate the up coming Duchess, that party, at the least, should be public.

The season changed gradually, but their expectation did not result in reality. The news that the Duke and Duchess were settling in Ratz rather than Arvis brought more disappointment. This went against tradition and against their nerves. There was so much to this couple that was unorthodox. The Duke von Herhardt even stated that they would not be going on a honeymoon, as the Duchess would be going to collage in the Fall.

However, the rumors progressively became true. By his countless deeds, the cold-hearted and stern Duke evidenced affection toward his wife. He was showing that he was madly in love with his beautiful wife, Leyla von Herahrdt.








Leyla walked out of the Biology class clutching her book firmly to her chest. She could always feel the stares of the other students upon, whether in class or wondering about the campus. She had been tolerating these probing gazes on herself since the first day of her freshman year at this college. She was


used to it by now. It seemed no matter where she went, she was destined to draw the attention of others around her.

The news of the Duchess spread around the campus like wildfire. People really had a hard time believing the Duchess was attending the collage, studying biology. Once the semester started, the gossip died down a little, to which she was very thankful.

They still called her Duchess, though, a grand title she was never going to get used to. She would have preferred it if they called her by her name, however, she had to bare this burden for Felix’s sake for the time being

Leyla stopped in her tracks as she noticed a group of young men staring at her. She recognized them as the aristocratic heirs to the families she had dined with recently. Unlike before when they were more or less friendly~their looks were now filled with animosity and derision—a attitude to which she was familiar with.

She straightened her stance and held her books tight. Nervous sweat started to form and she could feel her strength sap away, but her gaze never faltered.

Leyla gave a light smile, raising the corners of her lips only a little and gave a delicate nod. She imagined herself as her ever graceful and refined husband. Then, with grace and pace, she glided down the corridor, leaving the lads stunned at her unexpected internation.

Once out of sight, she made a beeline towards the stone fountain in the plaza in front of the building.

Her plan was to meet Felix at this place and then take him to the park for the afternoon.



Now that he could walk on his own and was starting to talk quite well, he only grew more and more adorable.

‘The Kind Matthias’

That was the title people had started to give the young boy. As he grew, he resembled his father more and more, but shared his mothers kindness.

“That’s why you’re so lucky.” Elysee von Herhardt, whom they had met recently, told that she was lucky in that regard. Leyla was taken aback by such kind words. Matthias was right by her side, but did not seem to react at all.

“Mommy!”

Felix called out, struggling in the arms of his nanny. Leyla smiled as she saw that Matthias was there too. He was sitting beside the fountain, silently staring off into the sky, thinking god only knows what. Felix’s cheerful shout drew him from his thoughts and he smiled as their eyes met.


Leyla ran towards them and dumped her books into Matthias’ arms, who was expecting a hug and looked rather startled at the change. Leyla thought it amusing, but was distracted with replacing the books with Felix and took the little bundles into her bosom.

“What’s going on? You said you had an important meeting today. Not busy anymore?” sshe inquired, smiling brightly as she stood before him. The child in her arms was laughing innocently too, shared her mother’s adorably happy smile.

“It ended early.” Matthias gave a brief answer and took Felix into his arm. The child nested comfortably in his father’s without showing any concern about being separated from his mother’s embrace.

“Then you can come with us?” Leyla’s eyes sparkled in expectation, but she was prepared for disappointment.

Since they tied the knot and moved to Ratz, Matthias’s work schedule had been fairly full. The process of relocating the business from Arvis was time-consuming and taxing, so he was kept busy working long into the night. He could finally catch his breath after finishing off the final steps of moving the company’s headquarters to Ratz. But, no matter how much free time he had, such an unexpected surprise visit from him had never happened before.

“Sure. Shall we go together?” Matthias said. His eyes were full of ardour and his lips rose to a kind smile.

Leyla was pleasantly delighted to discover this man’s tender side. Who would have thought this man would be willing to visit a park with his wife and son!?

She was reminded of the first time she saw him. The little boy beamed at the her, an unaided orphan girl nd grinned in a little mischievous way. She couldn’t tear her gaze away from him: the beautiful yet terrifying young Duke of Arvis.

“If we go together, I will buy you some ice cream too…” Leyla could hardly contain her excitement. It seemed strange to her at times. Being as family with him and enjoying such a lovely days together, she still found it hard to believe.

Leyla hummed a question in hopes of getting an answer from Matthias, but he remained silent throughout. She rolled her eyes and stomped the ground, embarrassed. Matthias then gave out a quiet chuckle,

“Alright,” Leyla glanced up into his eyes’ deep blue sky and saw herself reflected in those sparkling orbs. His free arm wrapped around her shoulder. “Lets go then.”

Felix grinned and chuckled as he saw his father smiling. His laughing was so contagious that Leyla found herself smiling along with him. She reached for his hand that was tangled in hers playfully. The afternoon light was dazzling and bathed them in a warm glow as they made their way to the park.


Epilog Ill

Riette von Lindmann.

The embossed letters spelling out the deceased’s name glowed brightly on the grave stone under the glaring afternoon sun. Claudine was stood staring at the name, willing it to change, for some revelation that there had been a mistake and this was someone else entirely.

The ocean blue eyes of the man who bore that name were shut for eternity. No longer could she find the reassuring peace in the quiet depths of those eyes which had always served to calm the chaos that was constantly present in her mind.

The shadows of the trees gr ew long as the sun set. They stretched out across the cemetery toward her, threatening to drag her into the cold. Claudine shivered and hugged herself tight. Her pallid face, half-exposed behind the wide-brimmed hat, bore no emotion.

The countless memories that had been cluttering her mind all the way there disappeared the moment she stood in front of his grave, leaving only an empty feeling and layers of fatigue on her face.

‘I love you, Claudine’

‘Let’s go away together.’

The cool breeze rustled the leaves, as if they were whispering Riette’s sweet words to her.

His warm blue eyes sparkled with pure sincerity seemed to be glistening in the sun. She really wanted to say yes to his proposal and escape this nightmare with the only man who truly cared about her, but he was gone now, went off to fight in someone else’s war, never to return home.

That thought burned in her heart, that Riette was not even buried under this marker, she was alone. Could he even hear her, or was she just talking to the cold wind? The shadows of the trees widened and enveloped her in a chilly, void. She sunk to her knees and let the shade take her in.

She didn’t feel the cold anyway. It is said that when someone undergoes too much bad luck, when there life is nothing but misery, they become emotionless husks, as cold as the stone the marked the death of her love, that’s what she felt now, if she felt anything.

She wished that he could some how hear her answer, for him to know that she wanted an escape with him, for it to be just the two of them.

“Yes.” She said to the ground. The trees whispered amongst themselves, at her proclamation, they conspired as they leaned into one another, whispering their deep, dark thoughts. They knew. For sure. If Claudine was back in that situation, she would still give the same answer in the end. She still wouldn’t change her mind about what she said, even now. Her niggling feelings of regret, however, were about very small things and moments.

She felt today that memories are also torture.

She recalled. Many times she had stood by the front door and watched Riette depart, never once had she waved goodbye to him.

Why didn’t she wave? Maybe if she laughed a little more around him, or maybe simply smiled to show him how happy she was. Would things be any different?

‘Hello.’

She probably started loving these words when they used to share them.

A simple “hello” was all that they had shared on the last day she had seen him. That was the last time they spoke. That brief exchange of “hellos” stayed with her. Now she had so much to say, to ask that they would have spoken none stop for days.

“Why didn’t you give up on me, and how could you love me like that?” Her mind raced with questions, but she shoved them down, letting the lump of it pass through her chest and into the depths of her soul. There is no point in lingering on unanswerable questions.

She laid the scarlet roses at the base of the tombstone. The colourful feathers and ribbons of her hat swayed and bobbed as she got up off the ground

“Hello, Riette.” Claudine returned his greeting, slightly smiling despite her tardiness.

‘Hello, my love’

She longed to hear his voice once more, and hoped he would reply. Those seemingly meaningless words were quietly engraved in the depth of her heart.

It was foolish fancy, but it did not stop her wishing just one flight of crude imagination.

‘I think we’ve said our final goodbyes.’

Claudine dabbed the corners of her eyes before she turned away from the tombstone. Without looking back, she left the cemetery and entered the waiting car. A little redness appeared in her eyes, but the hat’s brim shaded that entirely.

The car took her back to the city. The Brandt’s couple, her parents were expecting a visit from her new fiance today and Claudine was exacted to be presentable for the occasion. Her gaze was fixed on the moving scene outside, butshe paid little attention to the bright blue streets winding through the city outside the window.

Now her life had become a victim of immense confusion.

Her fiance was not tremendously affluent. certainly not by the Herhardt’s standards. He had a reputation as a gentleman and as a landowner on the new continent across the sea. This was more an


arranged marriage of convenience. This would never have been acceptable in the past, but her parents, realizing that the instability brought on by the war necessitated a great deal of change, happily selected him as their son-in-law.

Claudine remained indifferent.

The face that Duke Herhardt, who was thought to be dead, turned up alive and married his mistress, the mother of an illegitimate child, was still the hot topic of most social circles within the Berg empire, and Claudine’s name also came up from time to time.

The victim of a “filthy” marriage.

Not all of it was pity or compassion. Claudine von Brandt’s misfortune in losing her fiance to such a woman was met with glee by a sizeable portion of society. But it was just a little fuss in her eyes. She tried not to let it get to her and keep herself away from such conversations.

Her eyes, observing the colorfully bright streets passing by through the car window, suddenly reverted to their calmness. Their arranged summer wedding was supposed to take place at her new fiance’s estate across the ocean. Everything was ready to go, and all that was left to do was for her to climb aboard the boat and sail to the new continent.

The car stopped in front of a hotel On an avenue lined with high end shopping centers. Here, she was supposed to attend a social event with her mother before heading back to the Brandt mansion.

“Welcome, milady.” Said a maid. She was watching her with placid eyes.

After adjusting her hat in place, Claudine got out of the car in practiced grace. They came naturally to her now, but years of practice as a child was painstaking work. SShe confidently up the steps, waited for the doorman to open the hotel door for her, and then walked right in.

The huge, luxurious chandelier gleamed and shone above her head, casting golden light around the foyer, giving everything a very rich hue. Today as usual, the world of affectation was looking beautiful in all its splendor and sophistication.

She loved this world despite its deceptive appearance.

The world where everything was crafted with such loving elegance. The life she was familiar with, and was comfortable in.

Claudine suddenly stopped in the middle of the lobby and closed her eyes.

Was she hesitating?

Or, was she trying to forget something?

No one knew.


It was hard to tell, but deep down, she felt ready to move forward with her life despite her illustrious past.

She blinked her eyes open and resumed the step into the dazzlingly beautiful world she loved.








The car carrying the Herhardt family drove out from the university grounds and towards the park. Together, they took a stroll in the park, enjoying the spring flowers that tinged the air with the sweet smell.

They walked together like an ordinary family of three. They seemed happy enough, a couple who loved each other doting on their little child. It seemed like something out of a fairy tale: a family who had finally found one other and live happily ever after.

Mark Evers knew differently as he watched them as they walked. He was one of the few people that knew what Duke Herhardt had been doing that very morning ad it left him with a slight uncanny feeling.

After moving to Ratz, the Duke was very much a business man. He attended important events and fulfilled his duties as the Duke with an air of professionalism, however he clearly kept a strict line between formality and socialising.

The aristocrats of these formal circles found this to be an insult to their honour and they were very much outraged. They did not dare confront the Duke directly on this, they were not imbeciles and knew that to question a man who appeared to be doing his job damn well, would only look bad on them. They considered the Dukes family was his Achilles’ heel and looked to target the Duchess and his son.

They ordained to spread malicious rumours about the Duchess and spoke of the boy with less than favourable words. Their dirty talk spread like the plague and since the Duke did not put stock in such none sense, he ignored them, which only made them worse as the days went by.

That was, until now. Once word spread of what the Duke had done this day, it would stop these vicious malcontents and halt their back room whispers.

Count Stein, who was one of these ringleaders, who spread news that would spoil Countess Leyla von Herhardt’s reputation and stated that her son was nothing more than a mongrel child of unclean blood, went bankrupt today.

One by one, the Counts tobacco business and other meagre venters, collapsed right out from under him. The Duke had finalised the decisions that very morning and the Count would no doubt be finding out the news just now, as the Duke slyly stole a bite of his wife’s ice cream.


After the Duke had dealt with some other small affairs in the mornings meeting, not batting an eye, or raising a glass to victory, he returned to his family to enjoy the rest of the afternoon, just as if nothing had happened.

The ruthless man’s telltale sign was no where to be seen. No one would have guessed he had just toppled an empire with a swish of a pen, but the impact will have a profound domino affect on all those who had spoken ill of his wife and child.

Mark Evers stifled a laugh. The Duke caught sight of him and gave a discreet wave of the hand.

Immediately, he withdrew, and went wandering aimlessly, enjoying the nice weather in the beautiful afternoon light.








They were resting in the shady canopy of a tree which flowers were a delicate shade of pink. Leyla sat facing the tree and Matthias laid his head in her warm lap. Two seconds was all their son was able to sit still for before he started running in circles around the tree.

“You look tired.” Leyla said, examining his face.

Just a single “hmmm” from Matthias was all he could muster. His mind was elsewhere.

“You’re very busy these days,” Leyla carried on.

“Perhaps a little.” Matthias said softly and closed his eyes.

“What were you busy with today?”

“Just…nothing,” Matthias shrugged. “It wasn’t anything special, but important either way.” he continued in a tired voice.

He had never been this hostile toward business associates in the past, he liked to show generosity. The last time he saw Count Stein, he gave him a chance to recount his words and show humility, one last chance to gain his favour.

But the couple’s attitude remained unchanged after they openly slandered his wife and son. Last night, during a social event, Countess Stein shamelessly snubbed the welcome Leyla had extended, leaving her embarrassed in front of the whole gathering.

They had tried to hide their little whisper groups out of Duke Herhardt’s eyes but Matthias’ six senses were always directed toward his wife, Leyla von Herhardt.


After dinner, when the men gathered in the cigar room. Matthias approached Count Stein with cigar in hand.

“This cigar is proof of your families good word, Count Stein.” Matthias said politely, examining the cigar between thumb and finger, rolling it slightly. ”Would you say it’s as good as your bloodline?”

“I…don’t get your meaning.” Count Stein frowned while asking in a defensive manner.

“What meaning is there?” Matthias let out a billow of grey smoke toward the ceiling. “Such pure bloodline producing such pure tobacco, your business must be well coveted.”

“I guess so.” The Count said. “There have been some that have wanted a part of my business, but you’d have to be a rich man.” He let out a chuckle that was echoed by the stooges he had standing around him.

“Well, this cigar is fine work and a testament to the purity of the Stein bloodline.” Matthias said appraisingly.

The laughter faded away. “I’m sorry, but I still don’t get your meaning.” The Count asked

“Well, if the cigar was made by someone of, say, mongrel stock, would it taste as good?” Matthias pantomimed a sigh. “I just wish I could enjoy pure bread cigars like this more often.”

“Are you trying to make threats because of your wife?” Count Stein was starting to get agitated by Matthias’ little game.

“My, quick witted aren’t you.” Matthias smiled then stood up straight, giving a very lordly baring that was hidden until now. He exhumed authority and the playfulness of his words were gone. The Count took a step back in suprise. “I’m not joking with you, Count Stein. This talk has certainly made me interested in the tobacco business. In Your business.” Matthias said with a deep authority. His gravitas was so subtle, no one noticed Count Steins stooges slowly edging toward him.

“I believe Duke Herhardt can distinguish business and social gossip, if you wish, we can talk in the morning, when its more appropriate.” The Count said confidently. He probably thought he could scam the Duke out of some of his money and make him the butt end of a lot fo social gossip.

“Even so,” said the Duke, standing firm and tall. “I have very little patience for people like you, who would slander a good ladies name just to win some petty attention from these grovelling sycophants.” Matthias tossed the half smoked cigar into an ash tray. “Every little flaw can be used as an advantage and you are rife with flaws Count Stein, even ones you think are your strength.”

“Duke Herhardt!” The Count declared.

Matthias brushed ash from his crisp, black suite and approached Count Stein, murder in his eyes. “I am a deeply passionate man when it comes to my wife and my son.” Matthias looked out the door of the cigar room, where he could see into the sitting room and his wife. She stood alone, at the edge of the


paired gatherings. “Everyone makes mistakes, Count Stein, everyone. Some are worse than others, some condemn a man.” Matthias paused. “I look forward to tomorrow, when even emperors may find their empire razed before their helpless eyes.”

Giving a bowed to Count Stein, Matthias strode out of the cigar room and went to fetch his wife. The party had soured and any prospect of building bridges was dashed before ground was broken. He really waited patiently. However, the pair brought doom upon themselves by spreading further slander about Leyla and Felix when a simple gesture of apology could have saved them.

“Then, What is this wrinkle for?” Her soft touch brought Matthias back to the present. He opened his eyes and looked up into hers. They were pools of deep curiosity and looking into them made his heart itch with warmth. But he closed his eyes again after grinning a bit to avoid the boring topic. There was no reason to let Leyla know that Stein had gone bankrupt.

“Are u feeling unwell?” Leyla asked worriedly.

“No,”

“Really?”

“Really.”

“Alright. Get some sleep, then.” As Leyla’s soft fingers traced his face, Matthias closed his eyes in comfort. They tingled his face and sent him into a trance. He didn’t feel sleepy, still, he nodded his head obediently.

His tender-hearted wife would showered him with unending affection when her husband looked even slightly unwell. Now he knew how to put it to good use. Scars on his body could prove useful on occasion.

Even while it made Matthias feel bad, but he loved the moments when Leyla would seem heartbroken and upset, only for the fact that it gave him a sense of purpose.

At that time, it seemed that he was the only one in his world, when there was no one else in the world but the two of them. It was like this most of the time, even when they walked crowded socials, or bustling museums and art galleries. Even when Felix ran around them, laughing and giggling at his silly games. There really was no one else in the world but them two.

“Don’t get sick.”

He felt a gentle twitch in his ear from a faint, hushed voice. Leyla’s hand that had been holding his cheek a moment before was now gently stroking his hair, an action which was her own special way to show her love for her husband.


There was peace and quiet until his wretched son destroyed the atmosphere. His beloved wife, who had been kind enough to give her lap as a pillow, had to leave to comfort their fussing baby, leaving behind a cold rolled shawl for him to use instead.

Matthias slowly opened his eyes and turned his head to look at them, his chest slowly being filled with disappointment while myriath of thoughts started to swirl inside his head.


Epilog IV




Matthias laughed as his son toppled over, but he knew it wasn’t serious because Leyla’s face didn’t show traces of deep concern. Instead, her face showed an expression of exaggerated sympathy that was suitable to help soothe their crying child. He stopped laughing soon enough when he caught a glimpse of his son, whose face was screwed up and red from crying as he clutched to his mother’s nape.

Being a father for the first time, he had no idea how to deal with the child. It felt awkward for him to care so much for a child that he had once tried to kill, even when Leyla protected their son wholeheartedly while he was away to participate through the war.

However, the child’s innocent smile made him change his mind. His smile closely resembled his mother, reminding him of his beloved wife. That child resembled him in a lot of ways, notably in looks, but he took after his mother in areas that mattered to Matthias the most. His feelings for the baby quickly grew, and his love to his kid only deepened with each passing day.

He decided to get up from the grass when Leyla, together with Felix clutched close to her side, sat back down next to him. He was happy to join her allotted time for family bonding since it was her most favorite way to pass the time with them. Although he felt awkward when she declared it was family time, deep down in his heart he actually adored and enjoyed every second of it.

He could feel Leyla’s gaze staring at him, admiring him with that exact same smile Felix was sporting now, all thoughts of the recent tumble gone from his head. That exact same smile was the reason he loved their son even more, the same smile full of warmth as his beloved little bird.

“I’ll make something delicious for you tonight.” Leyla said in an excited voice as Matthias nodded and scooped up Felix in his own arms. She still loved to cook even after becoming a Duchess, much to the chagrin of the cooks he had hired, particularly when she wanted to make something savory for her husband or son. The butler had mentioned it numerous times, but the Duke never seemed to mind, likely because he didn’t want to limit his wife simply because she was now a Duchess.

During the early days of their marriage while staying in Arvis, he was already adamant about not dragging her down with the title of Duchess. He did not wish to see her groaning under the pressure like an overladen bookshelf or struggling like someone who wore a wrong set of clothes, just to play such a role.

She was a free soul who needed a vast field to flutter her wings, someone who still loved him dearly despite all of the torture she went through, and his beloved who still returned and forgivenhim for his misdeeds even when he had forced her to leave him. Such a lovable woman, It’s easy to understand why he became resolute to be her dazzling sky, showering this beautiful flower with all the love and sunshine she desired from him.

Because she was someone he loved with everything he had.

“Oh, I just remembered, aren’t we going to the Imperial Palace next week?” Leyla suddenly asked, bringing Matthias back to the present. He reckoned she was talking about the Empress’ upcoming birthday celebration.

“Don’t worry, Leyla.” He smiled and brushed his fingers through her messy hair, the spring breeze seemed to be harsh to her glowing beautiful locks. “Everyone there will be kind.”

By the time of the birthday party, the talk of Duke Herhardt’s take over of the Stein tobacco industry would have spread far and wide. This would act as a valuable lesson, and a clear warning, to those who harbored wicked thoughts regarding his wife. And he knew she would never speak out against the “noble” class’s cruel treatment of her. In the end, she was too much of a devoted wife that she didn’t even want to burden her husband with such little matters.

However, without Leyla’s knowledge, Matthias was aware of the circumstances she was in. While she might be able to brush off other people’s opinions of her, he simply couldn’t stand to see her disrespected. Maybe he can’t change the minds of the narrow-minded classists in a day, but he can make efforts to force a change and show that he would not condone any ill treatment that would befall on his dear wife. She might have been born as Leyla Lewellin, but she was now Leyla von Herhardt, the Duchess of Herhardt and his wife. No matter how her title was earned, he demanded that they would respect her appropriately regardless. Others might see his wife and son as a weakness to exploit, but they were his strength, and he was much stronger with them at his side.

“Yes, I know. I will not worry since I’m sure I will do well.” She replied unconvincingly, silently hiding her misgivings while nodding her head. It was obvious that it was her futile attempt to avoid disturbing his pleasant mood after such a wonderful day.

Nonetheless, it was time for them to go home. After the car pulled up outside the Ratz Mansion, Matthias wormed his way out of the car, closely holding his sleeping son on his shoulder. Leyla followed closely behind him, gliding outside of the car like a dancer and smiling crookedly at the lovely scene in front of her.

Family. Family was such a beautiful word that she adored deeply, and of course, he naturally loved everything she treasured. The three of them entered the mansion together as she began to chatter gleefully about the evening’s meal while he only half listened to her prattle, his gaze kept going back and forth between his wife and son.

Today was one of the loveliest days in recent memory.



Did Mathias’s comforting words from a few days ago truly come true?


The day of the Empress’ birthday finally came around. Leyla had been fretting about it for the entire week, but the woman who had shown her such malice before seemed oddly indifferent toward her while some even extended awkward greetings.

“Did you do something?” She asked her husband during their journey home.

“I told you not to worry, didn’t I?.” He only looked at her without answering her question directly. “Everyone will treat you with kindness and respect, haven’t I told you?”

“Oh? Did you really?” Her bright eyes stared at him as if lighting him on fire as one side of her lips contorted in confusion.

Matthias laughed that she pretended to recall it only now. “Yes, I told you. In the end, I only needed to do just a little bit of encouragement and that seemed to work.”

“Really?”

“Yes, why?”

“Well, that’s very kind of you.” She sat back, an obvious desire to cross her arms together written on her whole being. He knew she always did that when she didn’t get what she wanted.

“I’m glad you like it.” He hummed, obviously being so uncooperative to her interrogation that she had to give up in the end. Instead, they both ended up looking out of the window.

They were passing through the city of Ratz, which always went through the seasons faster than their neighbor, Carlsbar. With the window slightly opened, the spring breeze brought in the scent of roses, lifting Leyla’s mood a little by its sweetness. As she closed her eyes, Matthias kept his gaze on her, the sweet scent of roses lingering in his nose.



They were going to spend the weekend together without Felix, who would be staying with his grandmother. They were very nice ladies, but Elysee von Herhardt can be very blunt at times.

“Matthias, I never thought you’d be so stingy with your wife!” In a confrontational stance, Elysee narrowed her eyes towards the pair. Leyla’s face stiffened when Elysee’s gaze turned towards the emerald necklace she loved so much to the point that she wore it everywhere. “She is always wearing that necklace, I fear that the Duchess of Herhardt will be criticized for having only one piece of jewelry at this rate.” Elysee declared.

“I chose this necklace myself because it brings out my wife’s natural beauty more and to me, she is the most beautiful with it.” Matthias stated with an imperious tone of respect.

Elysee’s expressiony turned to mild surprise but she understood his point of view. There was nothing to be angry or upset about, albeit it was a bit unexpected and disappointing to her.


Hearts colliding, skin touching, faces beaming with happiness, they both bade farewell and left the mansion, taking their steps towards the world waiting for them. Holding each other’s hands, intertwining their fingers, they strolled toward the street.

“Thank you,” Leyla murmured as she grabbed her husband’s arm tightly, moving closer. They paced down the sidewalk outside the museum’s exhibition halls.

“For what?” He asked, his gaze fixed on her, smiling.

“Uncle Bill’s Necklace.” Her reply had his smile vanish. He watched, as she stroked the piece of jewelry, the glint in her eyes. The necklace, adorned with pearls and emeralds, glimmered around her neck matching the dazzling gleam in her eyes and her soft glowing skin.

He thought, as he glanced at the woman beside her. Matthias had no intention of destroying the illusion that Uncle Bill had bought the necklace. Not that he meant to deceive, rather, he was trying to protect her future happiness.

“Thank you for saying that,” Leyla’s eyes gleamed in a soft green light. Matthias graced her with a small smile, choosing to remain silent. It was needed at that time. The silence was necessary, secrets that resided in his heart, it held their futures and he planned on treasuring them.

They strolled hand in hand down the street between the exhibition halls, basking in each other’s affection and the peaceful atmosphere. Matthias was reminded of their wedding day, when he had made a promise to Leyla, hands in hands and stares owning emotions, with a sky as rosy as her.

‘I will be your sky,

so fly freely and as long as you don’t leave me,

Your every hope will be yours.

I love you.’

She didn’t understand what he meant until after the reception. She was shocked when she found that they would be moving to the Ratz mansion, rather than staying in Arvis. Her surprise had only doubled upon the revelation of the fact that she had been enrolled in the college.

“What the hell did you do?” Leyla had demanded, more out of shock than anything. “I didn’t ask for you to do this, why would you do this on your own accord?”

She had been appalled. And truth be told, anyone would be.

Matthias just smiled at her, “I’ll do anything for you, Leyla, you don’t need to ask.”

His brazenness in providing for her was infuriating at times, even downright selfish. At the moment, her feelings toward him were primarily annoyance. And now that time had passed, she had realized what he was thinking when he took such drastic steps and the only answer she would get was;

compensation,

for all the pain he had caused her in the past.

Every attempt at mending her wings was because he had broken them before out of pure but twisted love. But what was disappointing was that he had used their son in order to make that happen.

Matthias loved his son- so much, that some days it seemed like he would drown in the depth of his love for his son. Leyla was concerned, scared, and anxious that the father and son would be at odds with one other, that there would be walls hard to cross between them. But her fears quickly gave way to a feeling of overwhelming joy. Leyla almost thought it a dream, but he had proven himself a commendable husband and father.

She could now barely imagine looking at him with hatred.

She glanced at her husband, mesmerized by him, who was gazing at a painting displayed for the people.

His eyes shimmered under the sunlight, playing hide and seek, through the window.

He looked ethereal.

He turned his head, looking down at her, and tightened his hold, possessive yet gentle, around her hand.

They explored a few more exhibition rooms, clinging to each other like lovers. Everyone else in the world would be green with jealousy if they had a glimpse of them. As they walked, Leyla chattered away about her time in college, Felix’s impressive vocabulary, the curtains in the bedroom she had changed a while ago, and summer vacation plans. Stories that were mundane, yet affectionate. The small gestures and signs of contentment.

Matthias looked adoringly at his wife. Every time she closed her eyes to think, the shadow of her long lashes would flutter like a butterfly, and he felt hypnotized by her beauty. She would face him again and start talking, the sparkle in her eyes would light up the room. But for him, it was his world that she would brighten with her pretty smile.

It was the face of a woman he had tried and failed to comprehend, and that had driven him crazy in the end. It was a woman that he had ruined once, engulfed in his twisted desires and fantasies.

Now, he finally had this woman completely…

along with her blissful love.

For him, love was merely a noun, and she was its very definition. Now, at the end of it all, he was able to walk around holding her hands. He could say it now that she was his, completely and utterly. Without end; forever and ever. They had started again, this time as lovers, as a couple, and as a family, filled only with love and without hatred or sorrow.

“Matthy,” a murmur, a lullaby, to his ears. Leyla stopped walking suddenly, raising her head to look at him. Her eyes, visible through the thin gold-rimmed glasses, gleamed brightly. “Don’t you want anything from me?” She questioned. He blinked, taking his time, as he spoke.


“Should I?” Matthias asked, not entirely sure where this conversation was going, but he would listen to all of the things she had to say.

“Yes, of course… you always let me do what I want to do, and give me everything I could ever ask for, without ever needing to ask for it,” Leyla said, looking guiltily off to the side. Perhaps, she wanted to compensate him for his every affectionate action.

He never wanted her to return the favor, for all he knew was giving her the world.

“Well, I don’t think there is anything. I don’t seem to need anything.” Matthias replied, gazing away into the distance. As he spoke, he realized no words had rung truer. “Yeah,” Matthias looked at Leyla again. “Nothing”, he could answer without any hesitation. “Everything I ever wanted, everything I wished for, I have them now.”

The only longing in his life was Leyla. A sweet truth, an addiction, and for it he was ready to give up everything.

“What if I said I wanted more things? What if I was so greedy as to ask- everything from you?” Leyla said, squinting her eyes.

He turned his body towards her, moving his hand closer to her face, he caressed her rosy cheeks, his gesture as languid and full of love as the afternoon sun.

“You can take everything if you want to,” his thumb grazed her skin, eyes holding raw emotions, that felt warm under his touch. “Whatever you want, Leyla,” Matthias spoke, his tone mellowing out again.

He enjoyed the idea of a greedy Leyla, being able to satisfy her harmless greed. It opened up in him a need to fulfill all her wishes and gave her the world. And if she could be as open about what she wanted, it would only make his work as a loving husband all the easier. He wanted nothing but to make her happy.

He wanted to make her smile, bright like the sun, that belonged to him. Just being held in this girl’s clear, gentle gaze already made him feel like a king who owned everything in the world. Her mere gaze, like a drug, would engrave in his mind forever.

Feeling embarrassed, her cheeks turned crimson, Leyla hurriedly turned around and started walking; Matthias followed close behind. Following her steps, not skipping a beat.

At times, she still felt afraid. Afraid of the depth and intensity of his love.

Could they ever find the perfect love they yearned for after being apart for so long?

Or was he just trying to make up for lost time?

Deep down, she was concerned that he was still only playing the part of the loving husband. Fulfilling her every wish, a way of blackmailing her to stay with him as penance for the past.


However, in the time they had spent together, her worries had faded and she now felt at rest. She felt completely comfortable laughing, crying, or venting her anger in his presence. Perhaps, he liked watching her being herself. He would smile watching her genuine self, you don’t behave like that around people you’re not close to.

He was like a shadow lingering for darkness, that never left her side. He would be there, arms wide open to embrace her in comfort. And she believed that she would never be lonely again so long as this man was in her life.

“Think about it again, though.” On their stroll in the sunny park, Leyla stopped again. Her eyes looking up at Matthias were more determined. “Even though you have everything, there must be something that really you want?” she seriously asked, but Matthias still could not find anything.

“Then… how about a daughter?” She blurted out.

It caught Matthias completely by surprise and saw across the street, where Leyla had been looking, a young family swinging a young girl between them. They looked so happy and laughed each time the girl was flung into the air.

“A daughter?” He asked slowly, his eyes narrowed.

She felt her cheeks heat up in an instant, as embarrassed as she was, she didn’t avoid her husband’s gaze. “Before, when you named my baby, you wanted a daughter.” She said.

“Oh, that,” Matthias said, recalling the fond memory, smiling at his wife’s words. “At that time you said you couldn’t live without the child in your womb.” He expressed, turning his gaze away from her.

“Yes.”

“That’s why.” He murmured, eyes gazing at distant, calmly.

“What do you mean, Matthy?” Her eyes narrowed, curiosity lingering on the verge.

“If a son was to be born after my death, you might have lost him to the Herhardt family. You loved that child in your womb too much… I would never want it away from you.” He reasoned.

“Is that why you wanted a daughter?”

“Yes,” he kept his answer simple, transient, as he admitted. “Though contrary to my wishes, we had a son. It is just fortunate that I came back to your side. And one Felix is enough happiness for me.”

At his completely unexpected answer, Leyla tilted her head in embarrassment. “Nevertheless, what if it’s a daughter who resembles me?”

Matthias thought on it for a moment

A daughter who resembled Leyla?

Matthias looked at his wife, feeling uncertain.

He tried to imagine. Leyla Lewellin of a very young age, whom he did not know. And he also wanted to love that lonely and pitiful child. He could not turn back time, so it would not be so bad to have a daughter just like Leyla, to love and raise her as if he had found that little Leyla.

But, even if it was a child who looked just like Leyla, she would not be the same as Leyla from her childhood. To him there was only one Leyla, his wife, he wanted. And thought of any other girl just like Leyla… it felt foreign.

Matthias shook off the thought and snapped back to the present moment, looking at Leyla, his little bird.

“Why do I need a daughter who looks like you?” He asked, softly, gazing into his wife’s confused gaze. “I have you.”

I already have you.

His cerulean blue eyes looked into her sparkling, emerald-tinged eyes. His only longing was still this one woman, which would not be changed even at the end of his life. The only woman who owned his heart, his whole existence.

He leaned in and kissed her cheek. His answer was that.

Time seemed to stop, Leyla felt her breath stop, as she felt the warmth of his soft lips on her skin. The lingering feeling of his touch, which held power over her soul, consumed her being. She tried to step back, gazing at him with a blushing face, but Matthias did not seem to want to let go of her cheek.

As much as his answer sounded a bit selfish, she couldn’t hate it, it felt like a sweet confession to her ears, lovely yet soul-consuming.

Leyla extended her hand to Matthias, who had left her cheek and backed away.

“Hold my hand,” looking into his eyes, she spoke again, “Hurry up!”

Matthias let out a soft chuckle and without hesitation, wrapped his warm hand around hers.

“Never let go of my hand,” she whispered, her eyes shining brightly, as she smiled at her husband.

“Never, Leyla… Never.” He murmured, intertwining his fingers with hers, as he tightened his hold on her hand.

Holding hands, the two took a leisurely stroll through the rose-scented park. Leyla was more talkative and Mathias seemed happier than usual. It was that kind of afternoon, ordinary yet special.

Spring was truly such a beautiful season.

The spring with a lover who would love you very much, and for a very, very long time.




《	End 》



Side Story 1







Already late in the night, yet still the doors to the study remained shut.

Matthias had taken to staring through the small gaps of the doorway, where the light inside the room would spill into the darkened hallways. For days, this had been his routine, all because his ducchess would keep herself behind these closed doors.

His hand would find itself reaching out, resting on the intricately designed wooden frames of the double doors, ready to throw them open. He could do it too, for as much as they remain closed, she never locked it.

But instead, he lightly knocked on the door, hesitant on whether he should disturb her.

But no answer came.

He should be patient. After all, this was the last day before the final exams. She needed all the time she could get. But after pondering for a moment, Matthias eventually shrugged to himself and proceeded to open up the doors.

And there she was revealed to him.

Form hunched in sleep over her open notes and books that were sprawled across her desk. Her glasses lay mushed against her face.

She must have fallen asleep without realizing it.

And so he smiled at the adorable picture she painted for him. Even her pen was still grasped loosely on her hand, hanging treachurously on delicate fingers. He tilted his head.

Was it worth it, waking her up?

A fresh scent of roses wafted through the open window on an early summer breeze. He stalked stealthily closer to his sleeping wife, eyes staring intensely at her unconscious form.

The breeze that flew in combed through her stray golden locks, making them flutter. He lifted a hand, lightly carding his fingers through her golden crown.

She began to stir, before blinking blearily uo at him.


“Hello Leyla,” Matthias whispered, leaning closer as he bent to her level, letting the name flow in a whisper over her fresh cheeks.

Leyla groggily sat up, struggling with her disheveled hair and her glasses.

“I just closed my eyes for a second,” she mumbled in excuse, brushing her warm cheeks with her hands.

Matthias gave no particular answer, just watched her still with a faint smile.

“R-really… just for a second…” Leyla opened her eyes again with a jerk, fumbling to come fully out of sleep without looking at Matthias.

It was an amusing sight to see, to be honest.

It had been almost a year since they married, still Leyla found it so puzzling why she would still feel so flustered around him.

Gathering her bearings, she quickly swept up her wayward hair into a single ponytail before turning to properly look at him and saw her husband staring out at the window, and into the night sky.

The stars twinkled beautifully into the night, gracing the skies with their countless presence. Its light, glittering down on the sleeping earth beneath them.

But even in the dim setting, she could see him as clear as he was in daylight. His presence would never be diminished for her.

He stood in the middle of the study, framed by the fluttering curtains as he stood in attention, his feet slightly apart.

As much as she wanted to pay attention to the other visual luxuries in the room, she’d always remained focused on Matthias alone.

“Hey, Matthy,” Leyla called out, out of the blur, startling when he turned his head and met her eyes suddenly. The same mischievous smile hovered on his lips as he answered by flicking his chin.

“Can you stop staring and get out?” she asked politely.

“Are you going to sleep again?” he teased her, to which she flushed indignantly.

“No!” she protested immediately.

The notes she had been reading had an unmistakeable ink stain, which prompted her to flush further at being caught, even as she tried to act nonchalantly in front of him.

“I’m going to keep studying.”

“Really?” he quirked up a brow at her, her blush deepened further.

“Yes!” she declared with conviction, before immediately flipping a page as if to show she already was.

However, it only served to amuse Matthias more, making him chuckle softly at her childish indignation.

“Go on then, study.” he told her lightheartedly, but she only pouted when he made no move to leave.

“I can’t while you’re here!”

“So?” He quirked up another brow at her, “It’s not as if I’m going to be disturbing you. I’ll just be here, quiet and calm.”

They stared at each other for a moment, before Leyla eventually relented and tried to return to her studying.

But try as she might she couldn’t find it in herself to focus on the words in the pages. It was a ridiculous notion, she grumbled in her mind, studying right next to a man who was doing nothing but stare at her.

She’d rather study next to her baby son, Felix if she could choose.

A frown marred her features, trying so hard to fight down the obvious flush on the face when she felt his continued gaze on her.

Unable to ignore it further, she finally turned to him speaking calmly as though his presence alone wasn’t bothering her.

“Please leave me alone, I need all my focus to study.” She told him, and Matthias couldn’t help himself but tease her.

“Some honor student you are! Shouldn’t you have studied for the exam in advance?”

“Of course, I did!” she snapped in annoyance before chiding herself for falling for his teasings again. “But even if I did…” she trailed off, unable to further explain why she kept isolating herself in the study.

Matthias chuckled at her speechlessness. He soon began to approach her, until his shadow now draped upon her small figure.

“But what?”

“Y-you never know,” she stuttered, shrugging pathetically in nonchalance, “I might have missed something. There’s always more to study.” she answered meekly in a soft whisper, as though she herself wasn’t convinced with her answer. Even still, she refused to lose to him and kept her eyes locked on his.

She knew that even if she didn’t rank first in the exams, it wouldn’t be the end of the world. But holding such esteemed position wasn’t an opportunity she was eager to miss. After all, not only was she the only female student, she was also the new Duchess Herhardt.

The main person of interest in the most recent scandal among the nobles. One of the many reasons she was being ignored and rejected by her peers. And she wasn’t eager to lose face in front of them either.

Upon her silence, Matthias eventually nodded, wordlessly relenting as though he’d read her mind.

“You’ll do great, Leyla,” he said softly. “You’ve studied enough.” he added, cupping her cheek as he fixed the glasses on her face.

She merely looked up to him in apologetic regret, before she appeared to be relieved at his touch.

Just as she began to lean in to his warm palms, she immediately pulled away and shook her head. There was no time left for her to regret. Or relax.

Matthias oulled his hand away, which gave her a little bit of relief, but only just. If he’d leave her alone then she’d be so thankful! But alas, he was still in the room with her, staring at her in an indecipherable expression.

She eventually looked back down, avoiding his gaze when she heard him chuckle at her once more. She’d just about enought time to look up to scold him for teasing her further when…

Warm, and soft lips had descended upon hers.

Her eyes widened in pleasant surprise, before the needless want in her flared up, and her eyes fluttered close to welcome his kiss completely. Calloused hands cupped her cheeks, before deftly pulling her glasses off, setting them down on her desk and away from their line of activity.

Their breaths intermingled as they sighed against and met each others lips once more for more kisses. Knowing she did not possess the willpower to stop him, she gave in fully to her desires and wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him in deeper into her.

She ran her fingers through the nape of his neck, brushing up of the soft, short strands of his dark hair.

They rivalled the softness of her son’s bed of hair, who held the same shade as his father’s.

They went on kissing, unhurried and unbothered by the passing of time between their liplocking. As soon as they werr finsihed making out, Leyla’s face rivalled that of a rose’s with how warm her face had become.

Matthias came out looking as regal as ever, looking a little too pleased with himself at the slightly dazed look she was sporting after their sensual dance of tongues.

It enticed him even more to dive in for another kiss. As though sensing his desires, Leyla instinctively began to lean in closer to him, but had paused when his scent and warm breath began to pull away.

She blinked back the kissed daze she’d been in, and found him replacing back her glasses, hanging them gently on the bridge of her nose.

She blinked up at him in puzzlement.

“You’re studying, Leyla,” he whispered with a miniscule smirk as he brushed his fingers across his lips. “Study hard.”

With those parting words, he immediately backed away.

She was still reeling from their kiss, and gaped at his retreating figure in shock. Still feeling hot and bothered, she gasped at his audacity as he turned to look back at her.

“Oh, so now you’ll leave me alone, Duke?” She huffed at him in annoyance, both her hands resting on her hips, “Oh sure, I can completely focus now on my studies, thank you very much!” She added sarcastically as she whirled back around to sit on her desk and gripped the pen tightly once more.

Matthias only smirked at her, tipping his head into a bow as though she was the queen and he, her servant.

Eventually, she broke out into a resigned smile, unable to actually be angry with his teasings. Not when he does them so elegantly.

He remained smirking at her knowingly, even as he left the study with pleasant gait. As soon as the door clicked shut, Leyla finally let out a long and drawn out sigh of relief.

Their midnight encounter had gone exactly as she expected. Try as she might to get back in that mindset of studying, the stirrings he left in her remained persistent.

What an infuriating man indeed.

Unable to continue, Leyla turned to cooling herself down, patting her cheeks to lessen the flush on her facr. Once she felt cooled enough, she grabbed her pen once more and striaghtened out in her seat.

It was time to resume her studies. And study hard she would.

Just as her mean husband had requested.



This semester, Professor Lorentz had started notifying students of their grades by hanging posters on the wall. Even the most disgruntled student wasn’t willing to seek out the stern, strict Professor in his own private lair.

Leyla dug skillfully through the crowd of students and approached the wall. Today, when Professor Lorentz announced the grades for his exams—always the last of the semester—was also the day when the rank of the biology department was decided.

“Congratulations, Duchess. You must be very happy.” drawled out sarcastically by the familiar voice of Count Lehman. He like many had been displeased with her, magnified only when he kept ranking second only to her in all their subject studies.

The Count had made no move in hiding his distaste for the new Duchess Herhardt. After all, she was the one he would always lose to, not to mention she had no qualms in also treating him less than the way he expected to be treated. Under her gaze, he could always feel her disdain and scorn for him.

It unnerved him greatly, and annoyed him all the more.

Even as he dressed immaculately, and kept his hair neat, the very same eyes would stare at him. As though she saw right through him, and into his greedy heart and soul.

It didn’t matter if she nabbed first place again, he won’t let her take this victory with ease.

“Seems like the new Duchess always gets what she wants, ey? Whether it be her marriage or her study.” He proclaimed haughtily out loud, venom dripping with his words. A round of laughter errupted with the crowd around them.

Ignoring him, she kept looking for her name, squinting lightly as she searched through the posters. She hummed pleasantly to herself when she finally located her name.

Perfect score, as she hoped it would be. And with that, Leyla von Herhardt was the top student for yet another semester.

“You’re very kind, Count, to being the first to congratulate me so earnestly.” She looked at him with equal haughtiness, mirroring her husband’s stance and poise. Her voice trembled a little, but she did not let it stop her.

Because unlike the previous semester, where she was trying to avoid making enemies, the Count had done something that greatly earned her ire.

He dared insult Felix in front of her.

Any other mistake, and she might try and gain a mutual understanding with the count. But not anymore.

“You seem to be more generous than I thought, always giving me more opportunities to be the first rank in every semestral finals.” She smiled tersely at him, “I shall enjoy this vacation immensely. Have a great summer.” She finished, and nodded to the Count, ignoring the way his face flusyed red in anger.

Leyla clasped her hands lightly together and gave a polite greeting to her fellow students, stepping gracefully and cheerfully down the sidewalk by the posters, almost as if she were skipping in her steps.

It didn’t matter in the end how rude the Count had been. Everything was going well for her. From being the only woman in their year, and becoming its top studeny, down to finally becoming the new Duchess Herhardt, her luck had finally changed.

With such blessings her way, the Count was nothing more than just mere inconvenience.

And so she quickly trotted up to her bike, which had been parked in front of the magnificent school building she just came out of.

It was decked with a row of massive columns, and showcased expert masonry. Additioy, every niche it had, had its own elegantly sculpted statues of the famous scientists and scholars to date.


With one last look at her school, she wasted no time pedalling back, with her leather sling bag shaking along with her enthusiasm.

The pedals beneath her feet were firm and reliable, and she all but basked in the sensation of the wind against her face, while her wheels rolled across the pavement.

It was another point of talk, seeong the prominent Duchess Herhardt travellkng by the bicycle. Such outrage ot was, that every single novle in Ratz had to give their teo cents in, much like the previous Duchesses of the Herhardt family, Matthias’ grandmother and mother.

But, Matthias wasn’t bothered, and that’s all she cared about.

And so she was free to love and enjoy her daily bike rides, especially when Matthias gifted her one once he realized how uncomfortable she was at being driven to school.

Albeit embarassed at first to raise such trivial concern, she had been more embarassed and wrecked with worry at what he and his family would think upon seeing her on a bike instead.

But he only laughed at her worries, and told her he did not care for either, and so she shouldn’t as well.

Eventually, Leyla finally turned into a corner, filling her nose with a sweet scent as she rode through the park atop her silver bike.

It wasn’t the quickest way back to the manor, that was through downtown boulevard, but she loved oassing through here.

The path was beautiful, a oleasing sight to tje eyes, which reminded her much of the forests back in Arvis. The old, and wisened trees, whose barks twisted up the more it grew arched overhead, covering her in a beautiful intricate shade from the sun, despite being less dense than the one in Arvis.

She’d go the extra mile because she loved being back in that nostalgic view of nothing but woodlands and its daily treasures. She loved the woods so much that she had decided to spend her first summer vacation as a college student in the Arvis fief. The anticipation made today’s ride even more thrilling.

Matthias had offered to take her on a late honeymoon, but Leyla wasn’t willing to leave Felix. Besides, no place could be better than Arvis. The home of the eternal heart, it was called—a beautiful forest with precious memories that could cover countless wounds and sadness.

Leyla had biked slowly through the beautiful path, but as she left the park and the entrance to the mansion became visible down the road, she picked up the pace.

Today Matthias didn’t work long; he would already be ready to see her.

Leyla knew she’d have to brag. It seemed childish, but she wanted to do it, just once. She thought she could brag to Matthias, her husband.


She was greeted by a middle aged maid, fighting against a smile provoked by the bicycle. “The master is in the garden,” the maid hinted, in a polite tone. “With the young master.”

“With Felix?” Leyla opened her eyes in a bit of surprise, then burst into laughter. Matthias’s ridiculous suggestion of going on a honeymoon and leaving Felix behind had probably been a joke.

She crossed the hall toward the garden, her single braid of hair swinging to the motion of her brisk steps as she moved down the marble floor accompanied by the rhythmic beat of her footsteps. She was looking forward to seeing her husband and son together.

She was looking forward to seeing his sweet side.

Leyla reached the garden behind the mansion before she knew it, her mind busy trying to imagine the scene she was about to find. As she entered the promenade, the wind blew a strong scent of roses across her path.

She breathed the perfumed air unconsciously, her eyes lit up with eagerness. But even though she didn’t notice the beauty of the rich garden, full of the best tints of green, framed by a profoundly blue sky, unconsciously it filled her with happiness and made her walk light and joyous.

Father and son—looking just alike, only one smaller than the other—were near the garden pagoda, under the crest of a rose vine in full bloom. As she spotted them together there, Leyla burst inadvertently into cheerful laughter that resounded through the sunlight-filled garden.

Matthias turned his head slowly, hearing her laugh. The eyes of the attendant standing next to him, reporting something, also headed toward Leyla. Her gaze went pass them, reaching her son standing by a column of the pagoda on the other side.

Felix von Herhardt stared intelligently at his father with his hands clasped behind his back, as serious as if he understood every word of the conversation with the secretary. Standing confidently under the pagoda’s arch, he looked to his fond mother’s eyes as if he were ready to conquer the world with his chubby fists.

Matthias followed Leyla’s eyes towards Felix, and only then did he smile slightly, as if he’d seen the boy for the first time. The secretary stepped quietly away, leaving only the family of three under the pagoda.

“See?” Leyla cheerfully approached her husband. “You couldn’t leave Felix any more than I could!”

Felix, hearing his mother’s voice, ran waddling to hug her, giving vent to his delight in a string of broken baby talk.

Matthias watched the two admiringly, laying down the documents he’d been holding on the edge of the table. He decided not to say that bringing Felix out to see him had been completely the nanny’s idea. Leyla looked so radiantly happy, he almost wished it had been his idea.


“I’ve got something to tell you!” Leyla said, hugging and lifting Felix. Her eyes shone freshly into Matthias’s from across the table. “But guess what it is first!” she challenged, as calmly as she could.

Matthias smiled. She looked at him as though she was making him guess a difficult riddle, though he was sure he already knew.

“Well…” instead answering her outright, Matthias frowned a little, as if in thought, stalling yo make her squirm.

Felix imitated his father and, becoming serious, stopped pulling on his mother’s braid.

“What is it? Tell me, Leyla,” Matthias said, leaning in closer to the table, committing himself to the conversation. Leyla smiled shyly, her cheek tinted red—Matthias’s color, the color of the Herhardt family.

Leyla.

Matthias’s lips curved insensibly into a smile as he hummed the name.

Leyla.

‘My Leyla.’ He thought with satisfaction.


Side Story 2




The Herhardt family’s users, under the direction of their butler Hessen, created a line in front of their opulent car as soon as the train from the capital arrived at Carlsbar station. People watching cast puzzled looks as the train doors opened and the young Herhardt family patriarch, the Duchess, and their kid stepped out.

“Good morning, my lord.” Hessen, as always, greeted his master with the utmost deference and courtesy, as did the other employees, who all lowered their heads, out of custom. Leyla unconsciously grabbed Matthias’ arm tightly as a result of her unease with the attention she wasn’t used to. People crowded the platform in front of the opulent vehicle like honey bees around their queen, all hoping to get a peek of the action.

Matthias didn’t say anything as he received the gracious welcome, standing next to Leyla, who was breathing deeply to calm herself. He gave off the immaculate, controlled aristocrat impression that Carlsbar locals had come to anticipate by appearing at ease and unconcerned by the presence of observers.

As the onlookers gawked in astonishment, Matthias confidently walked forward. His nonchalant attitude towards the crowd made his act of escorting his wife even more striking and attractive.

The onlookers naturally stepped back to clear a path for them to pass by. They could not see any signs of scandal or flawed relationships in the couple’s demeanor. The Duchess, Leyla von Herhardt, was elegantly dressed in a blue flowing summer dress and appeared as a young woman of her age, just like the lovely child of Arvis, Leyla Remmer, who was raised by the family’s gardener.

Curious looks from the throng were aimed towards the tiny Duke in the nanny’s arms as she trailed the Duchess. The young child’s blue eyes flashed all about, beaming with delight, stealing the attention of crowd. This occasion appeared to put an end to any rumors that the Duke had damaged the family’s reputation by having a child with a low-class woman and raising questions about the child’s paternity.

Felix von Herhardt waved enthusiastically to the audience, making them grin as he stepped off the platform. ‘Carlsbar has officially entered summer’, someone in the throng whispered.

Several voices responded in unison like a chorus, “Yes, it has.”

The Herhardt family, the renowned citizens of the northern city, would return during this summer, like a magnificent work of art being unveiled.



“Do you remember the gift you promised me?” Leyla who had been absorbed in looking out the car window, turned her head and suddenly asked. Matthias answered with a small tilt of his head, there was


no need for them to exchange further glances as he had been keeping a steady gaze on his wife the entire time like a sun flower directed to the sun.

“We will be having a picnic over the weekend, the three of us together,” She reminded him of the promised plan.

Leyla’s gaze grew more intense as Matthias continued to be silent. Matthias seemed to dwelling in her emerald eyes at that moment, which seemed a little darker and deeper than normal.

Leyla announced, her enthusiasm and pleasure for her excellent marks audible in her voice, “There’s present I’d want to get.” She smiled broadly and said, “I want to go on a picnic, the three of us, to the Arvis Forest.”

“I’ll take you to see the flower fields this time,” Leyla said, emphasizing the word ‘this time’ to convey a deeper meaning. “Arvis has many beautiful flowers in the summer too,” she added with a smile, and Matthias nodded in agreement.

‘Leyla, do you know what your words mean to me? They assure me that those happy days were not just a dream or a deception.’

Leyla’s expression grew serious, “Don’t pretend like you don’t know,” she said, studying his face closely.

“Don’t tease me,” she added with a hint of disbelief.

She spoke confidently and his voice carried the same firmness as when she scolded Felix. Unlike their son, his father simply chuckled without shame, leaving Leyla feeling hollow like a well devoid of water.

“Leyla, I remember, I do.” His melodious voice made Leyla’s lips quiver. “Every element of you, every inch of you”

His eyes were silent and deep; he was no longer beaming. Leyla would occasionally experience despair when she heard him say this in a cool, contained manner.

“I am mindful of your constant sarcasm.” Leyla talked louder than she had hitherto.

Matthias masterfully answered while keeping Leyla in his gaze. “Are you sure?” He fixed Leyla with a stare that seemed to portray his will to not be captivated by her. Leyla, though, was ultimately the one who again avoided eye contact. Despite the fact that these occurrences have increased lately and are both delightful and unpleasant at the same time, like the two poles of magnet, she did not feel strongly about them.

The car they were in turned into the Platanus road and headed for the mansion’s great entrance while she waged war to make sense of the complicated and ill-defined feelings she was feeling. Leyla stared out the car window with a pleasant expression on her face despite her internal anguish hoping to find the answer in the deep blue sky.


“Watch, Felix. Is it not wonderful?” Leyla gently held Felix and pointed him in the direction of what she was pointing at with her hand.

The Platanus. Forest wipes a variety of hazy plants.

The young child spoke excitedly, using the terminology his mother had taught him. Leyla, who was helping him with his pronunciation, laughed, and the child in turn laughed too. Their laughter made the summer in Arvis seem even more beautiful, bringing back life to it.

Hearing the joyful voices of the two of them, Matthias’ gaze wandered to the road where her fallen bicycle during a summer past had shaken his life. The memories rushed back. He vividly remembered the spinning wheels, the rustling of leaves in the wind, and the pounding of his heart that overwhelmed him during that moment.

Every part of his existence was saturated by the desire to linger and disappear. And Matthias treasured these lovely moments because they had become a part of who he was now.

After leaving the Platanus road, the car entered the estate by driving past the ornate front gate. At the mansion’s front door, Norma and Matthias’s mother, the two Duchesses, were waiting. As the automobile comes to a stop, Felix’s nanny casually handed him over to them.

“Welcome home, Matthias” Norma smiled broadly and greeted her grandson, saying, “And you too, Leyla”, she continued.

Even when she looked at Leyla, her expression was as kind as ever. The reception was quite different from what it was like last summer. Elysee von Herhardt, who had previously made no attempt to conceal her disdain for her daughter-in-law, was displaying a relatively gentle attitude today.

As Leyla prepared to enter the main hall, she couldn’t help but glance towards the far end beneath the stairs, the same spot where a young orphan girl once stood, her gaze filled with a mixture of fear and curiosity as she looked upon the young Duke.

It would have been unimaginable for the young girl to conceive that she would one day ascend to the rank of Duchess. The world was unpredictable in beautiful ways. If anyone had made such a claim to her during her childhood, she would have deemed them insane. Yet future knew no rules.

In fact, she still struggled to come to terms with it. She still thought she was dreaming.

To exist in this dazzling epoch, as the wife of a man who could only be her partner in secret, Leyla von Herhardt, was an unusual and perplexing concept. There were moments when she found it hard to reconcile, feeling as though her life was but a fantastical dream. It was only through Matthias, who constantly served as a grounding force that she was able to return to a sense of reality.

“Let’s go, Leyla.”


At the sound of a voice that was like a familiar beacon, Leyla slowly lifted her head in response. Her senses were heightened by taking a deep breath.

Together, they walked into the Duke’s hall, Leyla slowly and carefully climbing the steps, her mind occupied by the plans she had for this summer. The grand marble staircase and dazzling chandelier lights still held an intimidating presence to her.

She thought about the idea of having a picnic with the three of them, perhaps taking a walk along a path lined with wild roses, or visiting the fields of violets and the birch woods at the end of the road, she believed it would be nice to see the flock of water birds flying over the Schultter River at sunset.

But the place where the vista appears most picturesque is on the striking tree that grows alongside the river.

However, would that be a feasible possibility for Matthias von Herhardt?

Even though she knew it was a preposterous thought, Leyla gave it serious consideration.

“Hey, Matthy,” Leyla whispered his name, and Matthias directed his gaze towards her. “Are you able to climb a tree?” she asked in a hushed tone, mindful of the possibility that the two leading duchesses might overhear her. The wrinkles on Matthias’s forehead, which had been smooth till now, deepened.

“I can teach you if you don’t know how,” Leyla said, with a straight face, even though the idea was absurd. “Do you want to climb it with me?”

Because he found it difficult to accept what he was hearing at this moment, Matthias had been distracted for some time. Leyla’s eyes were fixed intently on him even at that precise moment only to get her answer.

“I’m not pressuring you.” Leyla continued, embarrassed at the last minute. “I’ll abide by your wishes.”

Leyla felt like she was sinking deeper and deeper into the muck as she talked, but there was no turning back. The two eventually arrived at the center of the hallway that led from the central staircase to the reception area.

“I’ll do as you say,” Matthias responded unexpectedly and lowered his head courteously. Leyla’s expression was bewildered.

“Never do it!” Silently shouting, Leyla pleaded with Matthias, but he didn’t appear to hear her.

“My queen,” He said softly in her ear, making her blush in shame. Matthias continued to casually twirl despite her clear disdain, a scowl engraved on his features. It was an odd circumstance.

Leyla eventually burst into joyous laughter, which only confirmed the Norma and Elysee’s’ suspicions. They turned around to look at her, and Leyla soon realized why their eyes were fixed on her alone. Duke Matthias von Herhardt, who had quickly changed his expression, stood tall and looked down at her as if he didn’t understand why his wife was laughing.


“Felix, your mother seems to be in a very good mood today,” said Elysee, turning to her grandson in her arms and choosing to comment instead of scold. Leyla couldn’t explain the reason for her laughter, but it didn’t seem fair to laugh alone.

Matthias smiled nonchalantly again when his eyes met Leyla’s gaze. She had to resist the urge to shout and let everyone know the real reason for her laughter. She tightened her grip on her cheeky husband’s arm. She wanted to tell the world it was him, her Matthy, the subject of her happiness. It was him who made her laugh, it was him who made her happy, yet she chose customary silence over the avalanche of words.

Nonetheless, it was going to be a very long summer.


Side Story 3




A wooden cabin appeared amid the clamor of chirping birds like an ancient forgotten shrine and the rumble of the forest road. Leyla took off her hat that she had been wearing like a crown and took in the landscape in front of her like a fresh air, admiring the façade of the cabin’s ageless beauty.

The building’s construction was unaltered and untouched although abandoned for a long time. The two duchesses planned to raze the abandoned cabin that belonged to Uncle Bill and construct a garden for leisurely outdoor tea parties, but Matthias strongly opposed their idea.

Upon hearing the news about the cabin’s alteration, Leyla inquired about Matthias’s plans for Uncle Bill’s Cabin.

‘’Why do you ask that of me?’’ As he sat at his desk in the study, Matthias questioned while keeping his gaze fixed on her. He calmly continued going against his wish, turning his attention back to the pile of papers in front of him. “It is absolutely up to you what you desire to do with it,” he said.

Leyla was perplexed by Matthias’s statements once more as he talked calmly. ‘’Are you claiming ownership of Uncle Bill’s Cabin?’’ She inquired, attempting to steal her answers.

Upon hearing his wife’s innocent queries, he met her eyes and gave a fleeting nod, yet his posture remained erect. Leyla didn’t really understand the significance of his simple gesture until the room started to fill with the deafening sound of papers turning. Matthias’s demeanor remained serene as he made eye contact with her and nodded his head briefly. It was only after the sound of papers flipping filled the room that Leyla comprehended the meaning of his concise gesture.

Leyla traversed the front yard as fast as her feet could take her, glancing at the golden watch on her pale wrist as she made her way towards the cabin. The clock said she still had some time for the tea which was arranged with Duchess Norma.

As she entered the impeccably maintained ageless cabin, she took a slow, thorough look around like. There was a few furniture left. The cabin was empty like a well devoid of water. The only remaining furniture was covered in white fabric like a corpse, while all other belongings had been gathered and moved to their mansion in Ratz.

Leyla found herself awfully lonely the moment she stepped into the cabin. She got devastated, the loneliness stretched into torture and the atmosphere around her got unbearable. Leyla rushed and stepped out onto the balcony to get some fresh air. There, she found the two seats, mismatched in size and color yet placed in their original positions as they always used to be.

Leyla turned toward the huge wooden chair that was next to her and took a seat. She had the impression that she could see Uncle Bill smoking the pipe in the wind while seated in a bent position. Although it seemed phantom at first, then she actually thought she could hear him calling her name and


laughing in a cheerful manner. Uncle Bill arrived, filling the empty space with his pleasant smiles and loud voice.

“I am fulfilling your wish by attending college, just as you wanted. While all my classmates are male, however your Leyla is excelling and exceptional. Are you pleased with my achievements?” Leyla spoke in a cheerful voice to Uncle Bill, as she had done on other occasions when they had conversed while sitting next to one another, just like the good old times.

She told several anecdotes, like a happy child who joyfully chatted with her father when he got home from work about his day. She told him about Felix’s school life, Matthias the man, her husband. The more frequently the voice shook, the more at ease her enchanting smile was.

“Felix is thriving and growing up strong. It feels like just yesterday that he took his first steps in the shoes you bought him, but now he can run and speak eloquently. I’m sure you already know. I wish I could have another child to wear those shoes, but Matthias is opposed to the idea. He doesn’t want another child.” Leyla’s face dropped, her smile vanishing into the howling wind while confessing the sorrow of her heart she had been carrying for long.

“I’ll return shortly,” Leyla stood from her seat, spilling agony with her face. The long afternoon sun cast shadows over the empty, old chair where she was seated.

“Father, you are so dear to my heart and I love you the most.” The words she spoke with affection lingered into the thin air as she gently dropped beneath Porch.

Along the way through the woods, Leyla accelerated her pace. The wind was howling. It was blowing the woodland aggressively. The white dress’ hem that Leyla got herself adorned with floated softly in the direction of wind, to eastwards.

Although she hadn’t made a single decision regarding the cabin, she was certain of one thing.

While penetrating through wind in the woods, Leyla halted for a moment and fixed her steely gaze heavenwards with sheer determination. She got her answer she was eagerly looking for; creating a space where Uncle Bill would be happy.

Your Leyla is a grownup now. She would make you happy, she would make you laugh.She whispered to herself, joyous as if she finally conquered the answer of the dilemma she was caught in.



In front of the Schulter River, which had a road leading into the forest, the luxury car transporting the Duke family came to a halt. The disciplined, beforehand-prepared servants gave their masters a befitting reception pretending to be over joyous upon receiving their masters.

Matthias was the first to exit the vehicle as the driver hurried to open the door in the back seat. He was as dapper as ever in a cream linen suit. It was the exact likeness of Duke Herhardt, who was well-known for being free of fault and epitome of perfection.


As the servants looked on, a small foot adorned with a decorated strap emerged from the open car door. The driver, who had been approaching as usual, was startled and straightened up. Duke Herhardt did not delegate his wife’s escort to others – this was a widely known fact among all users of Arvis.

Who would have imagined that forest girl, raised by a gardener, would grow up to be a Duchess?

The people who recalled the girl, being Arvis’ child, were taken aback by Matthias and Leyla.

With no faint trace of awkwardness Leyla held the Duke’s hand as she exited the vehicle. Her silk skirt’s wide flair was wavy, matching her soft gesture. A bright smile of Leyla, envying sunshine, flared in the green eyes as she glanced at the surroundings.

“What a beautiful day it is,” the Duke’s wife said with joy, causing a gentle softening of his features, letting his lips to make a curve and welcome a sweet smile. In that moment, the atmosphere around him transformed. Until then, he had been the epitome of the ideal dictator, cold as ice and drained of any sort of emotion. His face was flat, his words were lifeless, while he depicted a programmed robot.

People who gathered to welcome thought he might have changed a bit, but they soon realized that the slight shift in demeanor was only allowed in the presence of Leyla von Herhardt, the love of his life. The gap, previously like incontinence, became a shield, giving the man’s life a more substantial appearance.

The waiting servants walked after the duchess as they started to walk side by side.

The route through the woodland remained quiet despite the high number of people traveling. This allowed Leyla to hear the birds and winds more clearly as she carefully raised her head. While Matthias was moving gently and keeping his eyes focused, Leyla was looking for traces of exotic birds and the chirp she was dearly fond of.

Leyla saw the face, whose appearance changes anytime like an ashen shadow collided with a light of a thousand suns combined. She didn’t realize nor took a heed to notice that his gaze was aimed at her, she met his eyes reciprocating his gesture, leaving her star struck.

Leyla’s eyes widened and screamed yet her mouth chose to stay quiet.

Although it was a little different from her initial assumption, she refrained from bringing it up. It’s a joyful moment which she couldn’t afford to ruin.

Leyla followed her desire and smiled and established eye contact with Matthias once more. She then turned to face her son who was riding in the stroller being pushed by the nanny. Felix, who had been complaining about having to ride in the stroller, was now grinning and looking around as if he had never done so, overjoyed by the moment, unlike anyone else.

Leyla’s heart exploded with desire to hold her son yet she forced herself to resist the impulse to approach the child right away as she straightened her posture. It ached her heart yet her posture was equally important to keep up.


She knew her life was led by rules and customs. She must behave with poise and not carelessly pick up a child in front of the maids. She was cognizant of the fact that the order in Arvis differed from that of the Ratz mansion. She knew that, just like the two Duchesses, she and her family should respect the rules during their stay in Arvis. This was the meaning behind the Duchesses’ words that the next Duke of Herhardt should embrace tradition.

Upon arriving at the picnic area, Leyla couldn’t help but be amazed wholeheartedly. “Wow…” she exclaimed. The stream, where she used to rest after picking raspberries, had been transformed into a completely unfamiliar place.

On the spacious picnic mat nestled in the shade of the tree, Leyla saw many unfamiliar and exotic sights.

A brazier boiling tea, delicate pottery and silverware, cushions and blankets, and fresh flowers in a vase.

Despite choosing the picnic spot herself, she couldn’t shake off the feeling of being in a strange place.

”It appears as though a room from the mansion has been transported here.”

She spoke gravely, but Matthias merely grinned back. With such a sweet expression, his face resembles a calm stream of water. Perhaps that explains why she keeps feeling dizzy anytime she sees him.

“I’m grateful,” Despite the fact that the picnic would be very taxing, Leyla decided she would not miss today’s enjoyment. “For honoring your commitment.”

She always trusted him when he made a commitment. Regardless of what anybody says, forever. He nevertheless kept his word. He was a man of his words.

Matthias responded by holding her cheek and reaching out to stroke it. Leyla quickly glanced around after saying that. Her heart started beating like a drum, resisting slowing down, not even after his touch left her cheek that remained there only for a fraction of a second.

She found the light in her heart against the dark heart, which she had only realized after the gloomy shade of her shame and dread. Yet there was more to reveal and to reveal it she required a lot of bravery.

“Ng..Matthy….”Leyla softly called out to Matthias, who was walking ahead, causing him to turn around.

She hesitated before finally saying, “It’s just that… the weather is nice, don’t you think?” She knew she was being silly, but she couldn’t think of anything else to say. Matthias sat under the shade of a tree, appearing calm as the servants began to move about efficiently in the summer forest.

Leyla approached him, still wearing her hat, the weight of her agony heavy upon her. She couldn’t bear to take it off, not yet.

The news arrived at the end of tea, delivered by the servants. While they were shocked by the unexpected words, Matthias remained collected.

“Are you really going to dismiss all the servants, even the nanny?” Leyla asked, struggling to believe it.

But Matthias’ answer did not waver.


“Yes,” he replied, his gaze drifting over the stunned faces of the servants before returning to the attendant. “You have all done an excellent job in preparing. 6 o’clock, be back here to tidy up.”

With a simple gesture, Matthias checked the time by raising his cuff, effectively cutting off the attendant’s protest. “It should be enough.”

Leyla looked around in a daze. When even the nanny, who had handed Felix over to his mother’s arms, retired, they were left alone in this forest.

The words were spoken in a euphemistic tone, but the message was clear. Despite feeling uncomfortable, Mark Evers eventually submitted to his owner’s will. Under his command, the servants began to depart, like a low tide receding.

“Can you do this?” Leyla asked in a jolt, meaning to break the rules by being unaccompanied by staff as the Duke and Duchess. But Matthias only looked at her with confusion, as if he didn’t understand the meaning of her question. It was then that Leyla realized that…

Her husband was the owner of this place, the lord of Arvis.

Leyla had much to say, but couldn’t find the words. Matthias usually honored the wishes of his grandmother and mother, but only in regards to the work he chose to do. She knew better than anyone else how, when he made another decision, he would follow through with his own will.

Leyla spoke inanely to Felix in an effort to divert her attention. Under Matthias’ close observation, it was difficult to avoid feeling self-conscious. She felt ashamed since Matthias was constantly observing her and she assumed he wanted to be intimate since they were by themselves. Matthias started to talk as she responded tensely to the sound of him setting down his teacup.

“Take it off now, Leyla.”


Side Story 4




Leyla, turning her head in surprise, getting priced of a hundred pricks by the deep blue eyes of a man who seemed untroubled. He looked devoid of emotions like an iceberg just like the days old. She wondered if he still had any feelings left.

“W-What? I-In a place like this?!” She roared, shattering the peacefulness of the forest. Her hands, which quickly covered Felix’s ears, were also trembling slightly. “H-how can you say that? Felix is here!”

Leyla was trying to come up with a response when Matthias abruptly reached out and loosened the ribbon knot she had put under her chin. Leyla didn’t realize it until she opened her instinctively closed eyelids.

In a casual fashion, Matthias handed her the cap he had removed. He once more picked up the tea cup that he had just calmly set down earlier.

Leyla, belatedly comprehending the situation, looked at him with a slight daze. It seemed absurd to ask, as if he had suddenly become a terrible person. Matthias’ relaxed appearance, sipping tea and enjoying the forest view, seemed even more absurd.

Matthias looked up at the sky between the thick branches of oak trees and remarked, “No more than a hat. I am a gentleman, Leyla. I know the rules.’’ He assured her.

When she thought of his words, Leyla’s brow wrinkled. “Is making jokes like this amusing?”

“Well, it’s funny,” he chuckled. Matthias shifted his straining gaze back to Leyla. “You look lovely. When you’re blushing, you look even more attractive.” There was no smile on his face when he uttered such horrible comments.

Leyla commented sarcastically, “It’s extremely gentlemanly of you to say this in the midst of the day.

Matthias answered, leaning boldly against a stack of cushions, “A gentleman.” He continued “A gentleman befitting a serene queen.”

Through the leaves, the sun’s shadow drifted slowly over his beaming face. Due to his untidy stance, perhaps, the mood of the day seemed to relax a little.

Leyla didn’t despise having to face the person she knew so well in this situation. She did, however, experience an odd sensation of injustice.

“I’m not incorrect,” Leyla confidently disputed while stroking her scorching cheeks. “Scientists are expected to make decisions based on their experience.”

“Experience?” questioned Matthias.


“Yes. And from what I’ve seen so far, everything you say always ends up having the same meaning as what I’ve misunderstood. Just as in science, I’m making judgments based on my own experience.”

Matthias watched his wife blather on, his eyes narrowing with intrigue. ” What is the scientific verdict, then?” he asked

Leyla said, her big eyes gleaming over her glasses, “You’re the evil one, and you’re the one who’s bad. The Duke, You Crow!”

Leyla yelled angrily while continuing to blush brilliantly. Soon after, Matthias’ laughter was blown by the wind through the dense woodland and across the estate.

He didn’t intend to chuckle, but Leyla decided to stop objecting to it. Only when she was looking at him did Matthias von Herhardt smiled like this, and it was okay that they were both laughing in private and alone.

They engaged in mundane conversations and ate delicious food together. They also took a leisurely walk, side by side, without caring about anyone’s gaze.

As she savoured these trivial moments, one by one, Leyla realised it again: her wishes were hidden behind the wounds inflicted by him.

This wasn’t a particularly special or grand picnic.

She hated herself for the weakness and anticipated it for countless days while knowing she shouldn’t have. But her own dumb heart was probably what she detested the most. Despite the fact that Leyla was well aware that it went against Uncle Bill’s standards, she found it painful to love a man who deserved to be loathed.

Leyla averted her sight to the faraway sky while observing the road where the tree shadows were lengthening. It wasn’t long before it was almost time to go back.

‘’It’s nearly time to return’’, she remarked.

Leyla sighed unhappily as she looked at the clock. Felix, who was being held by his mother, was sound sleeping, possibly exhausted after a fun-filled day. The kid’s clothes were covered in red stains from eating foraged raspberries, which brought back pleasant picnic memories.

Matthias looked up at the distant sky before turning to face her. Leyla’s eyes softened instantly, as though she were buried in concentration.

“I believe a day is too brief. That’s sad” stated Leyla.

“We can come again.” Matthias spoke seriously, lowering his rolled sleeves to adjust the cuffs.

“Really?” Leyla questioned with a serious expression and eagerness, unable to conceal her excitement.

Matthias was now aware. Leyla was pleading for confirmation with her words.

‘’Really,” Matthias assured

He vowed that when the time came, Leyla’s smile would be as radiant as the sun. Similar to how it is right now. Similar to this Nothing in her eyes that was other than him at this very moment could have been lovelier in his eyes.

The servants came back as Matthias adjusted his tie and put on his jacket. They needed to get back to being the Duke and Duchess of Herhardt.

The two strolled side by side as they left the forest, being followed by a nanny and servants who were carrying Felix, who was asleep. When they arrived to the road where the waiting car was parked, their summertime outing, which appeared to be coming to an end at this point, suddenly took another unexpected turn.

“Go back first.” Matthias told the driver, who had unlocked the back seat door and was waiting.

“What? That suggests…?” Confounded, Leyla enquired.

Matthias said with a wink to the nanny holding Felix, “We’re going to walk.” When the nanny realized what was being said, she hurried to put Felix in the car.

Matthias ignored Leyla’s embarrassed glances as she turned to face him. In the meantime, the nanny’s and Felix’s automobile sped off. Leyla would have immediately inquired if the housekeepers weren’t keeping an eye on her.

But she refrained from speaking and instead took Matthias’ hand. Naturally, he took her to the Schulter River’s golden banks.

As they crossed the forest path, Leyla yelled, “Matthy, look!” loudly.

She felt a little silly when Matthias casually remarked, “You said you were unhappy.”

“But this is,” she said, her eyes darting over the glistening sky, the adjacent woodland, and the tranquil current before returning to Matthias’ face.

“Felix must be worn out. He must take a nap.”

He made a joke, and Leyla laughed. ” Do you not despise Felix?”

“Why would I dislike him? After all, he is my son “Matthias retorted, dipping his head slightly downward.

He instinctively cared for his son, but that love wasn’t the same as the one he had for Leyla. He had no desire to dispute this. The only person who would be in his life forever was Leyla, the only person he could truly love.

Leyla, who had been gazing at him for some time, smiled and nodded her head.


Matthias went slowly alongside the Schulter River while holding her hand. Leyla frequently made stops along the river to point out the birds. Her voice had a crisp, echoing quality to it that resembled the sounds of singing birds as she told him the names and qualities of the birds and flowers.

“Look! Watch that bird, please? Matthy!’’

A bird with vibrant feathers was flying in the skies, as Leyla pointed out. The bird she wished to show Matthias, though, quickly vanished past the river, like it only appeared in her visions.

“Ah, it’s gone,” Leyla looked at the riverside where the bird flew off with a saddened expression sounding like a child who got ripped away from her favourite toy.

“Did you know that Arvis is home to a variety of unusual flowers and birds? Arvis is comparable to heaven on earth, according to Professor Lorenz.” Leyla clasped Matthias’ hand once more and pointed up into the sky. He, in response, firmly grasped her tiny hand.

Leyla sighed, “That bird earlier was incredibly hard to see.”

“Would you like me to get it for you?” Matthias questioned softly while keeping his eyes glued to the direction in which the bird had gone. He continued, his voice even more collected, “So that you can retain it.”

Leyla gave him a hearty smile as she shook her head and gazed at him with big eyes. “No!” she firmly exclaimed.

“Why? Ornithologists typically do that, right?” Matthias enquired.

She hesitated before answering. It was accurate to say that catching and stuffing exotic birds served as a study tool. Also, she was quite fond of Professor Lorenz, who also owned a number of stuffed birds.

‘’Don’t fool around like that, please.’’ Leyla stated in a commanding tone. She chose to interpret it that way even though she knew it wasn’t a joke. Even if it was required, she had no desire to bring home a fresh stuffed Arvis for her study.

Fortunately, Matthias acknowledged her choice and grinned pleasantly. They arrived at Leyla’s favourite tree by the river as they continued their journey.

“Would you like to ascend there?” Leyla questioned as she regarded the tree like an old friend, “The view of the Schulter River from the top of this tree is the most beautiful vista in the world you would ever get to see.”

“Is this really required?” Matthias laughed as he asked, turning to face the tree branch where Leyla used to sit in the old days.

“Of course! The view of the Schulter River from the top of this tree is unparalleled in beauty. Believe me!” Leyla approached the tree, in contrast to her cautious face, she began to climb it with a bold and agile pace.


Sitting on a thick branch stretching out to the riverside, Leyla grinned up at him.” C’mon Matthy! You can do it like me! I’ll hold your hand!” She shouted, sounding like she really wanted to teach him how to climb.

Matthias laughed when she extended her tiny hand to him. He then took a step forward and began to climb the tree without her assistance. As he got to the top, he pulled her deep into his arms. Leyla could feel his heart racing in time with her own while resting her back against his chest.

“You really can do anything, can’t you?” Leyla whispered in awe, nestled in Matthias’ embrace.

“Not everything.” Matthias replied, his lips brushing into a smile as he looked out at the river below.

“For you a thousand times over’’ He said in a whisper.

Leyla couldn’t help but blush at his words, feeling warmth spread through her chest. She closed her eyes, savoring the moment and the feeling of being loved by this amazing man in her life.

She looked up at him, her eyes sparkling with amusement. “I knew it. You’re a pro at climbing trees.”

Matthias chuckled, enjoying the feeling of Leyla’s warm body pressed against his. “It’s not my first time,” he admitted, “But it’s not something I do often.”

Leyla smiled, content to be wrapped up in Matthias’ embrace. Everything about this moment with this man was nice for her, even his smile and the warmth of the massive, strong body encircling her. She no longer wanted to conceal or refute it because it was the most honest thought.

They perched on the branches and looked down at the glistening river, calm and serene. The moment belonged to them while the world chose not to interrupt. The moment was drenched in simplicity yet shining bright with divinity. Leyla couldn’t help but feel grateful for the moment they shared, sitting on the tree by the river as the sun set. It was moments like these that she treasured, feeling close to him and at peace.

They sat on a tree with a view of the Schulter River as the sun started to drop. A flock of birds was gliding lazily above the surface of the water, which was shimmering in golden hues.

“What do you think?” Leyla turned to face Matthias, her eyes gleaming with eagerness. “Isn’t it beautiful?”

Her pride in the scenery could be seen in the way Matthias peered intently into her green eyes. As much as he could, he could concur with such a viewpoint.

“Yes, it’s beautiful.” As he whispered, his lips touched her lips in a passionate kiss. Although startled, Leyla wrapped her fingers around Matthias’s neck and gave him a kiss in response. Her hand went up to feel the contours of his face, quickly found itself digging into his hair. She was flushing a rich rose colour, slathered in joy, her face, ecstatic.


After the long kiss that had flowed like a silent stream had finally come to an end, Matthias gently wiped his wife’s lips with a silk handkerchief. His lips softened into a content smile, , like the evening air on a summer night. “I promised that I would teach you how to swim on the weekends,” he said.

“Swimming?”

He gazed at the water for a moment before turning his attention back to Leyla. “Because I promised.”

“I guess it’s fine if you forget that one….” Leyla made a reluctant effort to withdraw, but Matthias was

adamant.

“I’ll teach you how to swim.” His face suddenly took on a childlike smile. “Right here on the Schulter River.”

In the light of the immense beauty of his smile, she simply couldn’t bring herself to recall the words of rejection.


Side Story 5







Leyla finally had the weekend she had been dreading. It was a weekend that came with the promise to dash her hopes against the ground and rise her fears she buried in her heart alive.

Yet, Elysee von Herhardt was the first ray of hope, shining like a distant star.

Elysee wanted to introduce her new family to her relatives at the tea party she was attending with Felix. Leyla would often have felt anxious about going to a social event with her mother-in-law, but this time was different. She had grown interest in such gatherings, and Elysee had excitedly encouraged her daughter-in-law to attend. Leyla was asked questions but before she could even answer Elysee’s query, Matthias had an answer, shielding her like an armour.

“My dear wife and I had made prior arrangements for that day.’’ He said in a soft, authoritative voice.

Elysee von Herhardt shrugged, “Then there’s nothing more to be done,” adding, “But Felix must come with me, everyone is eager to see him.” Matthias complied with her request and said, “Of course, Mother, you may do as you wish.” In this finalised plan, Leyla’s hopes dissipated like wisps of smoke into thin air.

While she felt sorry for Matthias not getting a proper break, Leyla secretly hoped that the Duke’s schedule would stay as hectic as ever, even better if he returned on a particularly dark night.

Matthias’s demanding career reignited a glimmer of hope within her. While he was supposed to be on vacation, he continued to work, talking with executives on the phone and travelling to Carlsbar for meetings. Leyla couldn’t help but wonder how many more visitors the Duke of Arvis would receive.

As the afternoon resigned like a short lived guest and Matthias failed to come home for tea, Leyla’s hope only grew stronger. She couldn’t help but hope that he wouldn’t return. However, her fantasies evaporated, as a word from the butler brought the news about her husband.







“Matthias, you’re back early,” Norma said, setting down the teacup and smiling warmly at her grandson.

After greeting his grandmother, Matthias turned his head slightly to look at Leyla, who was seated across from him. “Right. You mentioned that you had a meeting with Leyla today,” Norma reminded him, unaware of Leyla’s emotions. “Are you going out with someone?”

“No, I decided to teach her how to swim in the annex,” Matthias replied.

“What? The Duchess going for a swim in the river?” Norma startled and asked, scowling at the idea.

Leyla’s heart began to pound like a hundred drums together with immense excitement at the prospect.

“Oh, Matthias, my goodness. That is ridiculous,” Norma said.

Leyla discovered for the first time that words have the power to bring joy in one’s life, even for a fraction of a moment. She thought that the elderly woman would be adamantly opposed, but to her surprise, she was kind-hearted.

“Oh, that’s correct. Since our time, the world has changed. The Duchess should learn to swim since it’s a trendy hobby” suggested the elderly lady.

Leyla tightened her grip on her skirt, fighting the urge to yell, ‘Excuse me, Grandma?’ yet she resisted waging war against her impulse.

The elderly woman smiled softly as if consoling her anxious grandkids and said, “I don’t understand it, but I won’t force it on you. Enjoy yourself, Leyla.”

Matthias drew near as soon as Leyla’s last hope vanished. He calmly extended his hand, giving off the impression of a predator lurking nearby with its prey.

Leyla sighed quietly while holding his hand reluctantly. It was a time when Matthias von Herhardt, who was known for always keeping his word, displayed some animosity.








‘’Isn’t it time you are prepared?’’ Matthias checked the time and questioned Leyla, who shook her shoulders and stepped up to the railing of the balcony.

“Could you give me a moment to think it over?” Leyla asked, her voice barely audible due to her tense demeanor, still hoping that Matthias might change his mind.

Matthias leaned back in his chair and folded his arms, displaying patience for his wife. For almost an hour, Leyla faced the river as if it were a foe that haunted her, in her dreams and in her waking. On the way to the detached house, she’d been bold and courageous, but now she seemed terrified, her bravery dripping, fading away from the creaked holes of her heart.

Leyla took a deep breathe “By the way,” and turned around. “Isn’t there a reason why people must be good at swimming?”

She wondered, eager, what would her husband say.


Leyla kept talking on with a rather serious face. “You just have to be careful not to fall into the water, right?”

“But don’t you know if unexpected situations happen?” Matthias asked, his voice filled with concern.

Leyla’s eyes squinted as she struggled to come up with a counterargument. ‘’That unforeseen circumstance was brought on by you!’’

The angry comments poured out more forcefully like a volcano. Matthias presented a look to Leyla that didn’t convey either denial or embarrassment, his face drained of emotions, cold like Antarctica.

“You weren’t going to forget, right?”

Matthias answered, cautiously getting out of his chair, “No, I remember. I want to teach you how to swim because of that exact event.’’ He leaned on the railing and reeked of water mint, which grew by the river. ‘’But Leyla, I can’t make you do it if you genuinely don’t want to.’’ He gave her a respectful glance as a sign that he would respect whatever choice she chose.

When he claimed he would respect her decision, Leyla knew he truly meant it.

It was evident in the way he regarded her, gazing deeply into her emerald green eyes, deeply like an ocean.

Leyla let go of the railing and stood up, saying, “I don’t know. It’s not that I dislike it, ‘’ though.

That much was certain to her. She had the option to refuse numerous times if she truly desired to yet she didn’t want to. She wanted to learn to defy her fears.

“And I’m terrified of the water. Of certainly, you contributed greatly to my fear of it, but it doesn’t mean you alone are to blame.” Leyla stopped gazing up the river, as if attempting to block out the recollection of having caused her anxiety.

Back in time, her cousins said to her, their words innocent yet terrible enough to cause hurt, “If you want to live here, you have to go through an initiation rite.” The words kept ringing in her ears like a disease.

“If you don’t want to do it, get out of here.”

She was bullied. The oldest and biggest boy laughed like a devil dragging her while grabbing her braided hair.

Leyla was captured by the kids like a Hyena captured by a lion to be devoured, making her plans to run away a compete failure. She got wounded, her body slathered in blood and plastered in mud from roll and fall while dodging her to the cruel edge of river.

Every minute was a torture there.


She was the subject of her uncle’s sudden cursing and beating, and the horrible bullying of all the kids in the family. She also struggled with the torment of hunger they inflicted, which forced her to raid the garden for vegetables like a criminal in punishment.

Despite all the torment she went through, Leyla couldn’t bring herself to utter “I don’t want to” or “I have nowhere else to go in the world, stop hurting me!”

The road that had to return home wailing even after being tossed into the river lodged within her heart as a token of the hopeless fear and anguish of the day. The memory stayed with her forever, living and breathing, not leaving her in peace from the past. She didn’t want Matthias to learn more, therefore she accepted the swimming challenge.

Early on, Leyla recognized her predicament. Compassion and sympathy from others were also appropriate. But even though he was acclaimed as the most aristocratic aristocrat in this empire, she never wanted to appear unclean in his presence.

Even though she knew she couldn’t, she still hoped for it.

From the moment he trod on the spilled penny, scooped it up, and frantically rushed away, to the present. Maybe forever and in the future.

“Leyla.”

She thought deeply about the person Matthias called.

It seemed odd since, although having the same name, Matthias sounded like an entirely different person. Is it the low, gentle voice, or is it the tone that sounded like a poem that rhymed.

‘’Will everything be ok in the end?’’ Leyla tightened her fist rather than gripping the railing once more. “I am not sure if I could float in the water.”

‘’The good scientist is better than anybody else at understanding that persons who float in water are not operating in the confidence-related domain.’’ Though it was a serious query, he responded sarcastically.

Leyla couldn’t find appropriate words to speak, she appeared perplexed. She chose to gaze at the distant sky wishing to disappear in the hem of sky’s blue quilt. She felt like her body was floating in the wide ocean. The silence got almost deafening that she screamed, atmosphere shaking off the environment from its tranquillity.

“I’ll give it some more thought!”

She fought as hard as she could, but Matthias, who had her tightly in his arms, made no movement at all. He remained determined like a warrior who swore to win a war despite all odds.

He walked down the stairs from the balcony to the boat hangar, which was next to the river. Leyla’s fear of water exploded in her body like an atom bomb. She froze for a second before settling down as she noticed the water racing by, aiming to devour her.

Matthias gave her pale cheeks a quick kiss before making a lengthier exit from the hangar.

When they reached the end of the dock, the shadow of a man and a woman in his arms that had been moving across a wooden panel warmed by the sun halted.

An afternoon in June. The water sparkled like diamonds, absorbing the sunlight.

She felt awfully stupid, yet In actuality, it was more of a fact than an assumption.

Leyla, who was perched at the end of the dock, cast a visibly dejected glance across the river. Matthias appeared to sparkle like a component of the sparkling surface as he floated along the water. He resembled like a statue god carved himself, exquisite beyond measure.

Leyla gave up mustering up her bravery and Matthias gladly accepted it. He started swimming joyfully being on his own. ‘’You can turn around.’’ Such callous comments were all he left for Leyla.

Despite the option to return, she remains where she is, a miserable fool. But upon further reflection, it seems that the man in question is also somewhat strange.

Leyla’s eyes narrowed as she considered this. Why would he make a promise to bring her here, only to leave her in such a vulnerable state? She wondered

Matthias, meanwhile, stood tall on the river with his back to the sky, looking stunning and free spirited.

Leyla, determined, removed her shoes with a fierce motion, and then took off her stockings.

She started to feel lightheaded and shaky already as she went near to the river, her worst nightmare. Leyla yearned to recapture the reckless bravery she had displayed when she had dove into the water to retrieve her hat, but all she could do was sit at the end of the pier with her feet partially submerged.

“Why are you still here?” Matthias, now standing on the dock, asked playfully. His wet, partially-exposed body glistened in the summer sunlight, and the marks of his injuries only served to enhance his jaw dropping beauty.

“You seem quite content…”Leyla observed.

“As you can see,” Matthias replied, leaning his head on one arm and looking up at her adoringly.

“Why did you return? Are you trying to tease me?” she asked.

“If that’s what you desire,” Matthias said with a teasing smile.

Leyla rose up in a wrath despite the fact that she understood it wasn’t such a bad joke. She, not Matthias, was the one who was going to be annoyed and disappointed.

Why won’t she muster the final ounce of bravery?

For three minutes, Leyla clamped her lips together. She despised herself for being haunted by her terrible recollections of old times.


She had to go through worse and more unpleasant things than that. She came from a long way of troubled times. She can’t believe how unprepared she was for the water despite being accompanied by her loving husband.

Leyla turned around again, blocking her escape from the river. She marched decisively to the end of the dock, this time, like a soldier prepared to slash the enemy’s throat. Matthias watched her intently.

Leyla began with removing her glasses, relieved to take the pressure off her eyes. Then, she began to undress, starting with her slip, then her skirt and blouse. Despite feeling embarrassed, she managed to maintain her composure, possibly thanks to her impaired vision. Leyla hesitated for a moment before finally removing her bra and underpants, tucking them beneath a pile of clothes.

In the radiant light, her naked body was illuminated, brighter than the sun, like a goddess who stepped on earth. The two of them fell silent, not tempted to break it but their eyes locked onto each other in the brightness talking loudly with words and speech.

“I’m ready,” Leyla declared proudly, sitting down at the end of the dock and dipping her legs into the water once more to savour the unhealed wounds. “To be honest, I don’t think it would work. But I’ll do my best,”

Leyla wanted to cry, she wanted to finally shed the old wounds yet she restrained herself, fighting back her tears.

Matthias softly extended his hand to her while he was calmly gazing. Leyla held his hand with all her might, the hand that had lowered the wooden pillar, secretly begging to hold her forever.

‘’You’re not going to let me go, are you?’’

In response to the sincere query, Matthias happily nodded. “Never.”

Leyla put faith in his assurances.

She leaped into the water, putting her last hesitation behind her, defeating her phobia, letting her memories flow along the river. She ripped apart the peace and calmness of the river with the wild sounds of splashing, careless spraying, and ear-tearing screams.


Side Story 6







Leyla von Herhardt’s swimming skills were, to put it kindly, disastrous. It seemed almost pointless to even assess her abilities. She was putting in so much effort just to stay afloat that it could hardly be considered swimming.

As she stumbled, spluttered, and flailed, Leyla let out repeated screams. Yet, when Matthias pulled her close in an embrace, she calmed down, as gentle as could be, her gaze steady and full of unwavering faith. Matthias knew in that moment that he would never forget it, the moment got imprinted his eyes and in his mind forever.

Leyla’s attempt at swimming, if it could even be called that, finally came to an end as the sun began to bid farewell. Matthias lifted the exhausted Leyla and placed her at the end of the dock. She panted heavily, the sound of her breaths depicting the ripples of the water. Shortly after, Matthias also sat down beside her, equally spent.

“It looks like the water level in the Schulter River might have gone down a bit today. I swallowed a lot of water,” Leyla said with a silly smile when their eyes met.

As he gazed at her face, Matthias watched the water droplets travel across the woman’s body, like the magnificent drops of rain. The water altered the color of her hair and cheeks, making her skin appear even paler in comparison. At the top of her chest, where it rose and fell sharply with each breath, drops of water formed and flowed down her slender collarbone like the water finally found it’s stream to be united with. The natural hue of her skin seemed even clearer now like a crystal.

Slowly but surely, the droplets fell to the ground and disappeared between her legs, without saying a good bye.

Matthias succeeded to bring back her joyous expression. Leyla found herself caught in an odd tension and held her breath, even though there was no hint of desire in his guarded gaze.

It was almost comical.

She hadn’t gone swimming naked in quite some time, but all of a sudden she felt like it. After all, he was also the father of the child she had given birth to. They had been sharing a bed and waking up together every morning for nearly a year now.

‘’Can you smile even when something is unpleasant?’’ Leyla pushed back her wet hair, revealing her bare chest, beautiful like a star lit sky. “I’m going to look ridiculous,” she said.

The strength in her tightly pressed together knees was almost reflexive.

Matthias tilted his head and looked down at her, a small smile tugging at the corners of his lips.

However, given how mortifying the situation was, it seemed that the matter was no laughing matter.

Leyla searched for the clothes she had removed, playing with the strand of hair that was twisted around her finger. But instead of finding her garments, she discovered a basket filled with neatly arranged dresses and towels.

When she realized someone had arrived, Leyla looked embarrassed. Matthias, on the other hand, was dressed casually.

Leyla veiled her naked body with a gown. The gentle touch brought back memories of how he had been staring at her body earlier, and Leyla became more puzzled as she tried to push these thoughts out of her mind and the sensations became more intense, birthing wild desires in her.

“Should we try again?” Leyla impulsively suggested. The river was suddenly bathed in a deep, crimson light, which was both beautiful and unsettling. Leyla was ready to embrace the allure fully. “I feel comfortable floating in the water now. So if I pick up a little more knowledge. . . “

Matthias responded unexpectedly, untying Leyla’s gown’s thread, and saying, “Slowly, Leyla.” In the breeze from the river, the orderly knot shuddered and flapped. “The summer is lengthy.”

The large hand that cupped her chin was gentle and cold. The downward gaze that accompanied it was equally soft. Leyla’s lower eyes were slightly hazy as she saw the shadow of his long eyelashes there.

He was already just a few inches away from her nose. Without thinking, her lips parted as the grip on her chin became firmer, welcoming him to kiss her.

“You can do it slowly,” Matthias’ voice grew softer and lower as he added a hint of warmth to it. Leyla nodded in agreement. She now knew the source of this tension. She was certain that next time, she would be able to guess it.

Matthias, however, simply fixed his gaze on her intensely, as if he was measuring something to engineer an innovation. His enigmatic demeanour only piqued Leyla’s curiosity further.

He did not hesitate.

She could at least be sure of that. Perhaps that concept didn’t apply to this man’s life. Leyla knew this better than anyone, especially when it came to herself.

Yes, but why?

Leyla accidentally closed her toes in the river, causing the surface to ripple with just a slight movement.

After brushing her lips for a while, Matthias let her go lightly and in vain. He chuckled and cocked his head slightly to the side, as if he was unsure of something.


It surprised Leyla. It was another instance where her scientific decision, based on experience, was once again compromised.








The Duchess served dinner at a table set up on the annex’s balcony, which overlooked the Schulter River. It was unclear who had prepared the meal, but the steam was still rising from the hot dishes.

Leyla glanced at Matthias in surprise, as she had assumed they would change their clothes and return to the mansion. But the man who would have given all of these orders simply stepped outside and onto the balcony, pulling out a chair and gesturing towards the table with a series of natural movements, as if it was the most natural thing in the world to do by a Duke.

Leyla glanced at her reflection in the glass door of the cabinet. She smoothed out the wrinkles in her skirt and tidied her loosely curled hair impulsively. The broad lace collar of her blouse swayed as she started walking again.

She took a seat at the table, and Matthias sat in the chair opposite her. Everything was served at once, from appetisers to sweets, giving the table a lavish appearance, depicting heaven. It seemed that the message that meals were unnecessary had been conveyed effectively.

Leyla started eating deliciously, perhaps because she was so hungry. Matthias’ attention was diverted from the food and glued on her face.

Leyla always had little appetite, although she consistently ate.

She taught him that there was a specific formula to adhere to when it came to the outward aspect of eating. Take little nibbles, chew them, and then swallow them before moving on to the next one. Continue doing this while smacking your lips and puffing your cheeks for more effect. One of his greatest joys in life is now seeing Leyla consume her meal piece by piece.

“Oh. Later, once Felix is an adult.” Leyla’s face lit up with amusement as she abruptly raised her head. Matthias made genuine eye contact with her after releasing the lids on his eyes. Leyla snatched the napkin with a start, in contrast to him, who was composed. The lips that had been vigorously stroked turned crimson.

“When Felix matures?” Matthias asked again, remembering Leyla’s interruption. Leyla didn’t see him again until she took a sip of water to moisten her lips. “It would be lovely to teach Felix how to swim when he grows up.”

“Swimming?”

“On the Schulter River, of course.”

“Alright,” Matthias agreed readily. “I will.”

Even though it wasn’t difficult at all, Leyla was overjoyed as if she had achieved a great dream. But shortly after, she began to feel anxious.

“By the way, Matthy, will you also be teaching hunting?”

“Maybe,” Matthias gave her another pleasant response.

He learnt to hunt, and his father gave him a gun with his name on it. It was also a process that was acknowledged as Herhardt’s successor and a tradition that had been passed down for many years. Leyla looked quite dissatisfied while nodding her head to indicate that she understood.

“I will carry out my responsibilities, but Felix will decide.” Matthias turned back to Leyla after giving the lit candlestick and center piece a quick glance. “The ability to read a bird’s thinking or to be a great shooter. He is left with the decision.”

“And you?” Leyla asked seriously after a moment of contemplation. “What is your opinion on the matter? Will there be a hunt in this forest this summer?”

“What do you think?” Matthias smiled and looked at his wife, who didn’t look away from his gaze.

“I don’t think it will happen,” Leyla said with pleading eyes that were crystal clear.

“Why not?”

“The Duke of Herhardt is a man who understands the hearts of birds.”

She is skilled at answering rudely, but she comes across as quite serious.

“You’re the nicest gentleman in the empire, not just in this Carlsbar!”

Leyla caught Matthias’ attention and he eventually started laughing again. If there had been service staff around, the chuckle would have been extremely embarrassing yet it was very comfortable and delightful nonetheless.

Leyla could tell that Matthias had nothing to say other than that amusing laugh. The Arvis Forest, where the Duke has returned, will be serene this summer. Love is likely another term for that peace. Dinner went on in a more informal setting.

Leyla relieved the awkward tension by laughing and chatting happily. It was a beautiful moment when countless stars emerged over the setting sun and a stream of starlight flowed.

“Ah look! There are fireflies!”


She gasped in wonder at the glowing light drifting along the riverbank. Jumping up and running in front of the railing was an action that was as joyous and carefree as a baby bird taking flight.

After finishing his meal and taking a sip of icy champagne, Matthias also stood up and went to join his wife. Before she knew it, a group of fireflies that were gently floating one by one had formed like a constellation.

Leyla appeared to be in a dream as she watched the light wave. Her pulse was racing as if it was the first time she had ever seen the divine view from the Schulter River in the summer.

Maybe this was the first time she was with him like this, savoring the divine moments, enjoying the simplicity of life and feeling love deep in her heart.

Leyla turned her head, ready to embrace the excitement yet Mathhias’s blue eyes captivated her like a magical spell. His eyes were beautiful than anything else in the world and for a moment fireflies meant no meaning before his magnificent eyes.

Leyla hesitated as Matthias’ hand crept closer and gently cupped her trembling cheek. Unlike in the evening when she was exhausted, he gave her bright face a careful, satisfied inspection.

Leyla said, her eyebrows raised, “Why do you keep playing these kinds of jokes?”

“Jokes?” he questioned in surprise

“Earlier, you were the same way.”

“Ah,” Matthias chuckled as he gave her chin-jawed hand a squeeze. “Leyla, if you get tired too soon, it’s not very enjoyable.”

“What do you mean?”

Leyla would hold her breath as she occasionally remembered the night when this man had become extremely aggressive. She had screamed and moaned loudly at that point before losing consciousness. It wasn’t something that could be controlled by will, but she knew that Matthias didn’t particularly enjoy it.

“I feel like you’ve had enough sleep,” With his other hand, Matthias expertly removed her hairpin. “Do you not?

While grinning, Matthias held her thick curly hair. Leyla’s body skyrocketed, causing her respiration to become shallow, troubling her breath.

She could see his eyes by simply slowly opening her closed ones. It’s as if she flicked a switch and he became someone entirely different. The thought that she would be the only person in the world to recognize this man’s face warmed Leyla’s breath as well.

“Yes. Your thoughtfulness allowed me to get adequate rest and eat healthily.’’


Leyla didn’t panic like she usually did; she addressed him with a rather open demeanour. She was undoubtedly walking on a hard surface, and her toes kept reminding her of the ripples’ feel yet she didn’t care.

‘’So I’ll give it to you in exchange. ‘’Leyla tentatively stuck out his hand and covered her lovely face. The toe-tingling current now appeared to have sucked the entire body in. “Do whatever you want.”

She mustered up her confidence to speak her heart out.

“I desire it.”


Side Story 7







Leyla’s eyes slowly opened as she touched something soft and feathery. While she savored the soft touch, her body felt like flying against the gravity, floating like a balloon devoid of direction.

The shiny night sky with its exquisite spread of starlight was the first thing she found. She didn’t realise she was laying on a long chair on the balcony until she turned around, looked at the table where the candles were swaying, and then at the railing beyond.

Their lips came together like lost lovers as their eyes did. They gave each other a passionate kiss, their tongues entwined as desire flooded their bodies. Leyla attempted to encircle Matthias’ neck with her arms, before she was briefly taken aback by the stern force of his grasp.

They kept on kissing passionately, melting into each other’s hot breaths letting the moist sounds of their lips speak, as they sucked on one another.

Matthias momentarily withdrew, letting her gasp for air at one time. He slowly licked the saliva that had amassed on his lips before leaning down for another passionate kiss on her.

“Nghh…..” Leyla let out a soft moan as Matthias grabbed her chest, which was heaving with each breath.

Despite the veils of clothing separating them, she felt and absorbed the heat radiating from his body like the scorching sun in extreme summer.

Matthias grinned lasciviously as he started unbuttoning her blouse and Leyla gazed at him with hazy, lust-filled eyes. Then he leaned down and kissed the spot where beads of sweat had formed between her collarbones. Her presence grew stronger as his lips moved in the path of the water droplets on her skin.

Matthias threw his jacket aside with a thud on the ground, their clothes leaving their bodies one by one on the floor, in an urgent desperation. Their loud breathing could be heard along with the sound of their hot, moist bodies kissing.

“It’s alright.” Matthias reassured her, who was gasping and twisting, several times. “You are beautiful, Leyla.”

He was doing something foolish and disorderly to her, that made her irritated by his calm voice, yet she was also relieved by his complimentary remarks that sounded true.

Every time she nodded, her body began to unwind. It uncovered itself to experience lust and desire and Matthias was clearly attempting to reassure her.


Leyla was relieved to see Matthias’s blue eyes sparkling and his crimson lips smiling at her when it was time to glance at him once more, as if he could see into her penetrate through her soul.

Her eyes breathed shame. Leyla avoided making eye contact with him and stared up at the starry night sky when she heard Matthias take off his belt. Soon after, his shadow was engulfed in her body that was drenched in sweat and passion to melt in his desire.

No longer relaxed, her breathing was now accompanied by a faint moan.

Her petite body trembled.

But Leyla was fully aware that he was the one who ultimately gave in. She gets the most satisfaction being dominated by his strong body. She loved to be obeyed by the outburst of his passionate desire. She was willing to follow his lead, her body yielded.

“Leyla….”

Matthias kept reciting her name. The word escaped through the sound of his deep breaths, sweetening the tip of his tongue like honey extracted from its comb.

Leyla strained to somehow bring her hazy eyes into focus every time she heard her name fly from his lips as he looked more attractive than before like a lord of beauty and magnificence.

Looking at her

Matthias hunched over in a sweet defeat.

He went wild for her.

The torrent of kisses was fierce and impatient, as if attempting to shift the blame for this insane yearning. His trembling movement continued until at that precise time.

Leyla pushed him away and hugged him back, accompanied by moans and groans that she didn’t want anyone to think belonged to hers.

Once more, she experienced the sensation of being submerged in a wide river that was so deep that she was unable to touch the bottom. Her recollection of a terrifying memory returned to tease her. Yet her fear of the water had subsided. The instant she started to choke and float away was the same.

When Leyla opened her eyes, she noticed him. He was right there, in front of her, erected.

She turned to face the noble aristocrat, whose intimidating intensity of stare and firm resolve persisted. This man, who once hailed as a masterpiece of the Herhardt family, had evolved into someone driven by animalistic cravings, however, brought her greater joy at this point. Leyla secretly revealed in the notion that she was the only person to have this knowledge of him and that, at this very time, he belonged to her.

Completely

and entirely.

“Ma…tthy, nghh…”

Matthias’ brows narrowed as Leyla jokingly called him ‘Matthy’ for the first time. The morning following their wedding, this was the first time Leyla had referred to him in that way. He noticed her face filled with a mixture of delight and trepidation when he opened his eyes to the sunlight.

“What do you think of that moniker, Matthy?”

As she lay in his arms, Leyla asked the question in a cheerful, singing voice. Matthias, who finally understood the meaning of the nickname, smiled. He had told her several times to call him by his name, but she had stubbornly refused and finally decided to give him a new name.

Matthy..

He was her Matthy. Matthy that entirely belonged her along with the name.

Matthias had heard such nicknames during his childhood, but no one had ever called Duke von Herhardt by such a shy nickname since he inherited his title. Not even his grandmother or mother had done so.

He now found it hard to accept that she gave him a nickname like this. He would have rejected the term right away if it had been suggested by someone else, but Leyla’s voice made him enjoy hearing it.

It was pretty tempting for him to imagine that only Leyla would ever refer to him by this name for the rest of his life.

“Tell me if you don’t like it,” she said afterward, “I’ll just address you by your name, like you requested.

But I prefer this name more.” Leyla added as she gave him a warm glance.

He predicted that she would continue acting in this way.

He finally grinned and gave in, and from that point forward, he became Leyla’s Matthy.

“Matthy..Do you know… what?” Leyla’s tiny hand, which was gripping his shoulder, quickly stroked Matthias’ cheek. “You… are mine as well.”

Leyla remarked this while grinning naively like a young child.

Matthias started laughing ferociously as he peered down at her foggy face to understand what she was saying. He was laughing, but it was somber laughter, accompanied with breath holding.

“Leyla….” was the only word he managed to articulate, voice so gruff it was nearly a growl. As her

fingers brushed his cheek, Matthias couldn’t help but squeeze her fiercely.

He desired to stomp on her.

He wanted to devour her whole and bite her.

Yet Matthias was only able to give her a lengthy kiss on her thin, rapidly throbbing wrist.

“Yes…I’m yours,” Matthias delivered a dry whisper while nodding. His shirt collar was gently absorbing sweat as it quietly dripped down his neck. “Indeed, Leyla.”

…I’m yours.

There was nothing left in Matthias’s quiet eyes as he sat up and stared at Leyla, except an uncontrollable desire that he didn’t know how to deal with.

It was a summer night, with the starlight seeming to cover the sky, the river, and the forest connecting them.

The disturbance that had shaken the clear, transparent silence of the night died down as the fireflies stopped their group dance. The sobs and murky moans mixed together as if in pain, and the silence that followed deepened as the night went on.

Before removing his face from Leyla’s neck, Matthias barely managed to control his rapid breathing. Leyla’s eyes were closed, but she was still breathing vigorously. She started to get a cold as her body cooled down, and her shoulders started to tremble.

She was in his arms as he dozed off while licking the tears from her eyes. He then extended his arm and grabbed his jacket that had been left on the ground. He made a gentle move of covering her with the jacket, in stark contrast to when he had pushed her mercilessly before.

After a long time, Leyla barely opened her eyes and looked up at Matthias. Instead of seeing the star lit sky and dangling stars, she saw the blue snow of his eyes. Matthias was still overly dressed, except for a loosely tied tie, a wrinkled shirt, and a few open buttons.

Leyla frowned at the unfairness of it, but soon laughed and made fun out of the moment. He didn’t look so bad when he had lost his composure.

She laid her forehead against Matthias’s straight forehead and affectionately rubbed the edge of his nose before kissing it mischievously. She did this with the same languid satisfaction and affection that he had shown her. She only reciprocated his affection.

With a low smile on his face Matthias gently and lovingly massaged her Leyla’s head. Then he grasped her cheek tightly with his hand.

Matthias took the lead and kissed her first this time.

It was a more delectable,

deeper,

and sweeter kiss than hers.

Leyla was on the verge of crying, but she restrained herself. Her heart appeared to shine brightly like crescent moon. She didn’t want to spoil the moment heaven blessed her with.



Late at gray night, the duke and his wife departed from the detached home.

Leyla was adamant that they return to the mansion even though it wouldn’t matter if they passed out there. Matthias gladly accepted the explanation because of Felix. The two took a leisurely stroll along the nighttime-crying forest path while holding hands.

Leyla took many glances at Mathias by her side as she processed the new information. His cheeks lit up with memories of the times she used to stroll in the forest and leave the detached house by herself.

She was often embarrassed and depressed back then, but on the occasions when Matthias gave her a little love, she felt much worse and was unable to handle it. She therefore hoped that he would prefer to be unkind, but these naive hopes would never leave her heart.

If it happened, it happened. If it was trod upon, it was trod upon.

She couldn’t throw it away, even though it was just a scabbed wound. She often spent the night crying out of intense agony. She never considered it to be love. She never imagined she would be loved. Maybe she was feigning ignorance yet whatever she felt with Matthias was more than love that travelled to crack holes of her heart and soul, filling her with the light she never hoped she could find. A light filled with a thousand colors of love, hope and joy.

“Leyla.”

Matthias whispered her name when the wind sprinkled its sweet scent around them that Leyla eventually woke up to the truth. Before they knew it, they were strolling through the mansion’s rose garden.


Side Story 8




Leyla’s confusion, with her usual expression, deepened as ocean as she acted beyond measure.

No way had her heart beaten with careful expectations, but on the other hand, she couldn’t believe it.

No way! This guy, Matthias von Herhardt?

Her heartbeat pounded in her ears like a thousand drums together as she prepared to step back in case she was caught.

Suddenly and unexpectedly, Matthias placed the rose on the side of her hair and tied it up.

Leyla held her breath tightly as she fixed her expressionless gaze on him. The rose rustled in her air like a thunder. It seemed more awkward and unpleasant than when their bodies were jumbled together, in some strange way. But Matthias seems so at ease.

“This is what? Leyla gently probed the rose in her hair. “I’m certainly not a child.” She exclaimed without a pause.

The young girl who used to play in the Arvis woodland while wearing a crown has grown into a mature adult. In addition, whether Leyla wanted it or not, she was now a wife and mother in addition to being the Duchess of Herhardt.

“It’s pretty.” Matthias whispered just as Leyla was about to pull out the rose.

Holding Leyla’s hesitating hand, he smiled as if God had made him look at his pleased creation. It was the smile of a ruler with arrogant and merciful dignity.

Leyla eventually lowered her hand, leaving the rose stuck in her ears. Matthias satisfiedly gazed at her figure before loosely wrapping his hand around her chin. He then slowly lowered his head and gave a short kiss to her soft lips that were soft like a petal of roses.

She realized that the feverish yearning for a sunny afternoon was still alive.

No. She was aware at that very moment. She tried everything to stay blind since she couldn’t accept it.

Leyla was captivated again by Matthias’s hand as he led her away. The marble stairs that connected the mansion and the garden were etched by the shadows of the two pedestrians wandering side by side.

“However, did you know that you are losing credibility?” Leyla asked a strange inquiry as she was about halfway up the steps. In response, Matthias cocked his brow. “You can say I’m pretty readily.” Leyla’s eyes stared staring at him, clear and gentle despite the way she moaned. Therefore, it occasionally sounds deceiving.


Leyla’s eyes explicitly stated her desire to ask Matthias to repeat it, despite Matthias’ best efforts to appear innocent.

On the other hand, “I’ll tell you with more authority.” Matthias was open to being duped by an attractive fairy who nonetheless behaved brutally. “What a lovely blossom!” His accent was quite strong.

“What?”

Leyla frowned while paying close attention. That seems like a lie even more. It’s really odd. The way Matthias spoke was quite weird. He presented an extremely poor performance which she did not expect.

As Leyla listened carefully, she wrinkled her nose at Matthias’s awkward way of speaking. He looked like a really bad performer.

“Wait…It’s…” Leyla’s face hardened as she remembered something while laughing. “Don’t tell me it’s…?”

The memory of her far-flung miserable charity performance last winter, which she had been trying to forget, came back to her like an uninvited guest. Seeing the startled Leyla, Matthias began to giggle.

“Why on earth do you remember such things?” Leyla chuckled

“It’s such a strong memory, it’s hard to forget.” Matthias answered with a grinning smile

“Don’t tell me! Because I don’t want to remember it.” Leyla said shifting her gaze to roses.

She frequently walked with a straight face, but Matthias simply and quickly caught up with her. “Do you not believe that I am a better performer than you were that day, Leyla?”

“Don’t say that again, please! Ignore it!” Leyla shook Matthias’ hand and started to go, unsure of what to do. Her deliberate steps reverberated across the mansion’s quiet lobby. The sound echoed, announcing the news of her arrival.

Thankfully, Matthias stopped chasing her. Leyla was instantly relieved when she heard a conversation emanating from the mansion’s main gate-connected side of the hall, which was on the other side of the room. She immediately faced the well-liked protagonist. It was Arvis’ hostess Elysee von Herhardt who had arrived home later than expected.

Leyla bolted across the hallway, startled. When Elysee noticed her approaching daughter-in-law, her eyes narrowed like those of a cat in deep sleep.

Fortunately, Leyla was able to safely welcome her without making the error of disregarding protocol. Leyla and Matthias, who subsequently entered alone, soon stood side by side. Leyla watched Matthias extending a welcome to his mother, and her joy that it was not an improper civility was quickly lost.


Matthias’s direct gesture seemed nothing like hers. He was so graceful and kind as he turned to face his mother with a straight neck that she had trouble remembering the man who had pushed her with overt longing and pulled naughty childish pranks on her.

“I notice that both of you are running late for home.” Elysee von Herhardt’s eyes finally showed satisfaction at that point. “Today’s meeting was really productive, thanks to Felix.” Her lips released a brief sigh after continuing to speak in a lower tone. She was staring at the pale pink rose that was trapped in Leyla’s messy side hair.

Leyla blinked in bewilderment, blushed afterward, and grasped for her hair.

“Just plain scared. Such a ladylike manners and tone.” Elysee reprimanded her severely before giving her a hearty laugh. “Felix. Your mum also looks to be in a great mood today.” Elysee sighed as she looked across at her sleeping grandson in the nanny’s arms to end the conversation.

Leyla looked at Matthias with tear-filled eyes as she watched Elysee walk away with the sound of her usual heels. However, the man who was responsible for everything straightened the slightly off-center rose without any trace of regret.

“Pretty.”

Matthias, unconcerned about his mother’s severe criticism, stared down at Leyla, the playfulness in his words gone.

The reputation of the Duchess of Herhardt among the social aristocracy, such as his grandmother and mother, was completely unimportant to Matthias. Leyla found it difficult to comprehend this particular feature.

“It’s lovely, Leyla.” Matthias softly lifted Leyla’s chin with his fingertips, perhaps disliking the way she had sprinted away.

His expressionless eyes began to wrinkle into a soft smile as he stared at her. The slight smile startled Leyla, and she unintentionally held her breath. Her toes curled in reaction to the repeated sound of water clapping in her ears. Leyla quickly clutched Matthias’s hand, trying to disguise her reaction. She was able to avoid the shame of being seen by others as they walked together by holding onto his hand.

She climbed the steps under the light of the chandelier, Matthias by her side. The rose petals in Matthias’s hand trembled as they ascended, mirroring Leyla’s heart.



The rose that Matthias gave to her remained in full bloom on the Duchess’s desk. Before the petals wilted, Leyla plucked one and placed it between the books on the shelf. Though it was not technically the first flower Matthias had given her, Leyla chose to consider it as such, since Matthias did not seem to remember the others and it was difficult for her to say that he had given them.


However, her thoughts were far from the Duke’s, who seemed to have forgotten the first time he had given her a rose. Leyla had carefully preserved the petals from the rose Matthias had recently given her, tucking them between the pages of her book as a reminder of their special moment.

Leyla sat by the sunny window with a book, surrounded by rose petals. She gazed out at the rose garden below, allowing memories of the past to flood back to her. They were colourful and vibrant, just like the flowers in the garden.

Summer had always been a bittersweet time for her, marked by the return of both the beautiful and terrifying Duke of Herhardt, as well as the summer guests of Arvis, including the woman she dreaded encountering: Lady Brandt.

Leyla was surprised when the maid from Claudine’s cabin suddenly came to her and told her that Lady Claudine was looking for her. She had been looking forward to finishing the laundry and preparing snacks for Kyle, but now she had to follow Claudine’s orders. This made her feel frustrated, but last year Uncle Bill had become angry about this situation

“As long as she was in debt to Arvis, it was inevitable that she would have to do things like this.” Mrs. Mona had said. She told Bill that Leyla to bear with it even if it upset her, as she was the only one who would be in trouble if she didn’t. Leyla overheard this conversation as she was returning home from the goat cage.

Leyla’s heart sank at the thought that her uncle Bill was in trouble. She remembered the time she was summoned by Lady Brandt, when she confided in her uncle about her distress. The possibility of being expelled from Arvis and her uncle getting into trouble both filled Leyla with dread. She resolved to endure it stoically, not wanting to cause any more problems.

Claudine sat under the pergola in the Duke’s rose garden, sipping tea.

She seemed to have grown into a graceful and refined young woman since the last time Leyla saw her.

In contrast, Leyla still looked like a child with her delicate, slender figure and radiant, healthy skin.

When Claudine noticed Leyla staring at her in surprise, she gave her a warm smile. “Leyla, it’s been a while. How have you been?”

Leyla knew from experience that the response Claudine expected was a polite and formal one. “Yes, I’ve been well, miss,” she replied automatically.

“Leyla, you’re still such a child,” Claudine said with a smile, looking over Leyla’s form.

However, Leyla could tell that there was a hint of teasing in her words. Most of her classmates had already started to grow into young women, but Leyla was feeling self-conscious about the fact that she was still so young.

“Leyla, it’s time for you to start acting more like a lady.” Even Chef Mona, who had always been relaxed about such things, had started to express concern about Leyla’s development this year.


Leyla realized that she was the only one of her peers who was still a child, while others had grown into women. This made her feel left out and left behind. Although Claudine Brandt had only asked her to run an errand to get roses, Leyla observed that Claudine had become skilled in flower arrangement.

As she walked back to her cabin with the money she had earned, Leyla thought about Claudine and her friends, who had blossomed into beautiful and bright young women. She couldn’t help but sigh as she looked down at herself.

What if she never grows up and remains this way for decades?

Her growth was not lost on Uncle Bill, who greeted her with a pleased expression when he saw her in her new clothes. He even compared her to a newborn baby deer, making Leyla feel a sense of pride. But as she walked through the quiet forest road, the sound of horse hooves interrupted her thoughts and the main cause of her troubles, the Duke of Herhardt, appeared before her like a lightening in the sky.


Side Story 9







The Duke saw Leyla standing there still on the road and pulled his horse over to the side. Neither he nor the Duke’s companion who arrived after him were seen with their hunting weapons.

Leyla forced a shrug and tightly clenched the coin in her hand she was holding, unable to shake off her fear of him. The Duke was intimidating as he had always been, though he appeared to be out for a leisurely horseback ride rather than hunting today.

“Hello,” greeted the blond aristocrat, who was accompanying the Duke, with a smile. “It’s been a while.”

The Marquis of Lindman had a cheerful and slightly higher-pitched tone, despite his noble attitude, Leyla recognized him right once because being the Duke’s friend and cousin, he was a frequent visitor to Arvis.

Leyla nodded her head in acknowledgment and then scurried off to stand beneath a tree on the side of the road. She could hear the rapid heartbeats in her chest.

Seeing the Duke by coincidence on this particular day may not have been the best idea, but she was glad to see that he was with his friend and cousin, Marquis Lindman.

The Duke had taken to tormenting her, relentlessly pursuing her as if she were his prey back in the day like a lion haunting hyenas. It occurred regularly on the occasions when he happened to come across her while he was out hunting or horseback riding alone. The Duke liked it. He seemed to derive a twisted pleasure from this pursuit.

It was not that the Duke was inherently a cruel person, but to Leyla’s dismay, she was the only one who had witnessed this malicious side of him. Therefore, she felt trapped in a web, unable to escape and unable to confide in anyone about her plight. Leyla endured this mistreatment in silence, even though it was deeply unfair and distressing, secretly hoping the torment would over some day. She chose to keep her mouth shut, as she feared being branded a liar and expelled from Arvis if she spoke it out.

“Who is it?” The query was raised by a bystander.

“Ah. On this estate, I’ve been told, there’s an orphan. Surprisingly, a gardener chose to raise her.” A response came.

Several more comments were said after that, but the Duke’s voice was not heard.

Leyla gently raised her head as the sound of horse hooves grew louder; she had been steadfastly staring at the tips of her muddy shoes. Her light green eyes, which reflected the sight of the Duke riding by and expressed both terror and curiosity. Despite the time that had passed since she last saw him, Leyla took notice of his unchanged beauty and the new maturity that he seemed to have acquired.


Soon, he would be graduating from college and fulfilling his duty as an officer in the army to honor his family. And with that thought comes the realization that he won’t come back to Arvis during summers since there will be no vacation in the army.

This realization caused Leyla’s heart to race with a faint glimmer of hope.

As she stood there, staring at the group of dukes moving away, Leyla earnestly prayed. She hoped that the summer would come and he would not return. It was all she could do. Pray in her heart. The thought of him leaving and not coming back was a mixture of emotions for her. Deep down she felt a sadness for not seeing him again, but also a relief that the fear she had for him will not be there anymore.

After the group of young men on horses had disappeared and the thick dust caused by the hooves had settled, the forest once again regained its peaceful calm. But for Leyla, the tranquility of the forest was not enough to ease the turmoil in her heart, as she continued to stand there, lost in thoughts of the Duke’s uncertain future and her own feelings of hope and longing.

The sun was pressing down on her with its fierce heat as she strolled back to the cabin. She found it odd that the light felt so brilliant today even though dusk was drawing near.

It wasn’t until around 15 days later that Leyla realized the reason for her discomfort – her menstrual cycle had begun unexpectedly.

As she awoke to an unusual and unpleasant pain, she found that the cabin was still in the transparent silence of dawn and it seemed as if Uncle Bill hadn’t yet risen.

As she rose from her bed, her eyes were drawn to the remaining red stain on the sheet.

At first she believed it to be a dream, but upon further inspection, she found the same stains on her pajamas and underwear. The scene brought a mix of emotions for Leyla, knowing that this is what her friends had been whispering about in secret.

She heard the sound of Uncle Bill’s footsteps as he woke up. Torn between the relief that this is something normal and natural, and the feeling of hopelessness as she didn’t know how to deal with this.

Leyla quickly hung the door and locked it, hiding the stained sheet and clothes under her bed. She quickly tried to fix the situation with a handkerchief, but before she could fully take care of it, she heard a bumpy knock on the door.

“Leyla! Are you awake? Are you sleeping in?” Uncle Bill’s voice called out.

“No!” Leyla answered with a scream, “I’m already awake, Uncle!”

“Oh, come on. Then get ready. Kyle will pick you up soon.”

Kyle!


Leyla thought in her mind of Kyle, this added more anxiety to her already confusing emotions. She was filled with confusion as she thought about an important promise that came to mind.

It was the day when all the village children had planned to go on a picnic together and Leyla had also decided to attend a play in the theater this afternoon for the first time, something she had been looking forward to. But now, that excitement has been replaced with uncertainty and the red stains of menstruation.

She quickly washed herself while Uncle Bill went out to attend to the livestock. The pain in her lower stomach had been growing increasingly more intense, but this vague situation has somewhat reduced her discomfort.

As Leyla changed her clothes and began to set the breakfast table, Kyle came to the cabin. He was stunned upon hearing Leyla’s answer that she would not be able to join the group for the picnic.

“What is wrong with you Leyla? You wanted to see the play so badly, didn’t you?”

Leyla opened the bread basket clumsily, “I don’t want to go anymore.” The bread she cut was distorted.

“I don’t believe you. What’s the real reason?” Kyle looked worried, “Oh! Are you feeling ill? You look like

a	ghost.” “No, it’s not.”

“What do you mean, no. I know everything. Even if you are unwell, you still pretend to be fine. Let me hurry up and…”

“No! Stop!” Leyla spun around and shrieked. She thought to use the bread she was holding to strike Kyle.

“Oh…Leyla?”

“Kyle, I apologize”. Leyla pressed the bread against her hot cheeks. “Although it hurts somewhat, it’s not too bad. I simply need to rest at home.”

“What’s the issue? What do you think? If you don’t want me to inform my father, I won’t.”

Though Kyle was her closest friend and family member, she was unable to tell him her story. It was embarrassing to tell it to her friend, especially to a boy. “Please move quickly. You’ll show up late.” Leyla was now on the verge of crying. “Before I throw bread at you with all of my might.”



After Kyle left, Uncle Bill returned. He was taken aback to see Leyla, who was supposed to be going on a picnic, but he ultimately accepted her excuse that she was feeling ill. Her stomach was indeed hurting, so it was not entirely a lie.

“Alright then, you should rest well. Are you in a lot of pain? I can have Dr. Etman come over.”

“No!” Leyla interrupted firmly, not wanting to hear the same suggestion from her uncle that she had heard from Kyle. “I’ll eat well, stay at home, and rest. That’s all I need.”

Bill Remmer, who was observing Leyla as she repeated his usual request, erupted into a hearty laughter.

He affectionately ruffled her hair and headed to work, leaving Leyla to rest and recover at home.

Once she was alone, Leyla spent the morning ruminating over her thoughts and reflecting on the pain that felt more pronounced. She felt too shy to confide in anyone, and didn’t want to owe them a favor if she could help it, but she also knew that she couldn’t handle this on her own.

With this realization, Leyla decided to leave the cabin. Though it was quite hot, she donned thick stockings and multiple layers of undergarments. She couldn’t shake her worries and apprehensions, which made her journey to the Duke’s mansion take twice as long as it usually did as she kept pausing to reflect on her decision.

Upon reaching the Duke’s residence, Leyla was greeted by the surprised expression of Mrs. Mona, who had just stumbled upon her in the drawing room. The other guests, who were resting after the Duke’s luncheon, also focused their attention on Leyla as she hesitantly peeked through the door.

“What brings you here, Leyla?” Mrs. Mona asked, surprised.

After a moment of hesitation, Leyla mustered the courage to speak, “I have something to tell you.”

Mrs. Mona exited the hallway, looked down at Leyla, and shut the lounge door. Even so, she led Leyla to the end of the corridor and turned to face her, as if she had realized that Leyla was having trouble communicating.

“Now, you seem to be OK here. Leyla, tell me. What is the issue?”

“It’s…” Leyla exhaled repeatedly, twisting her hands, which she had gripped tightly. “I believe I am now a lady,”

“Lady?”

“Please wait, my love. You’re now…” As Mrs. Mona thought about what Leyla had told her, her eyes grew wider. “Oh, my.” She sighed as she observed Leyla, who was wearing attire that wasn’t suitable for the current season.

She mumbled, a variety of complex emotions visible on her face, “Oh my God, Leyla.”

Leyla was on the edge of crying from anxiety. But Mrs. Mona gave her a loving grin and a bear hug while comforting her by massaging her trembling shoulders and back.

“Leyla my dear, you have to be careful of men from now on. Do you understand!?”

Mrs. Mona sternly admonished Leyla, feeling humiliated and ashamed. She was an opinionated woman


who had dealt with similar issues as the mother of three daughters. Leyla was confused and couldn’t quite make sense of what Mrs. Mona was saying, but she didn’t want to seek for explanation so she just nodded in agreement.

“It’s something to celebrate, but I’m also worried,” Mrs. Mona said with a look of pity on her face.

She knew that when a beautiful flower blooms in the field, its life is likely to be hard. She couldn’t bring herself to say these words to Leyla and instead, let out a deep sigh.

Leyla was a very lovely young girl. She was skinny and messy when she first arrived at Arvis, but with Bill Remmer’s care, she blossomed into a stunning rose as she got taller and put on weight. Even though she was still a young girl, Mrs. Mona was aware of how quickly a girl may develop into a lady.

However, her life wouldn’t be so bad, Mrs. Mona thought, because she had the support of someone strong like Bill Remmer. These thoughts allowed Mrs. Mona to smile again.

“It’s a school, a village, and in any case, think of all the men around you as thieves. That’s not entirely wrong either,” Mrs. Mona said with a hint of bitterness in her tone, warning Leyla to be cautious of men and their intentions.

When asked again, Leyla’s expression contorted in confusion. “Kyle too?”

“Kyle? Hmm… Anyway, he’ll be a man, so be careful. You’ll be fine.” Mrs. Mona felt a twinge of regret for the kind Dr. Etman, but she had already decided to group Kyle together with the other “thieves”.

As the time to prepare dinner approached, Mrs. Mona left the house with Leyla, giving her a small basket. She also didn’t forget to give her additional instructions on her way to the Duke’s residence.

“By the way, Leyla,” Mrs. Mona called out to Leyla as they reached the end of the road. She strode up to her and unexpectedly reached out and touched her chest. Leyla’s startled scream and Mrs. Mona’s laughter echoed in the still afternoon air.

“It’s a surprise. Yes, you have grown into a lovely woman.” She said, her eyes filled with a compassionate warmth as she looked at Leyla, who was now blushing profusely.

“You’ll likely require new undergarments, such as a bra. I told Mr. Remmer. No, there is no huge deal. You’re welcome to accompany me when I go downtown this weekend.”

“I’m grateful, ma’am. I sincerely appreciate it “Leyla said, expressing her gratitude by making a deep bow. As Leyla bowed, Mrs. Mona couldn’t help but notice the gentle and delicate features of her eyes, she gave her a few more pats on the back before quickly heading back to the Duke’s residence.

Leyla turned away as soon as Mrs. Mona’s back was no longer in view, her stomach still hurting, but she felt considerably better than she had that morning. She made an effort to convince herself that she could handle this, but as she moved on, she abruptly stopped again just past the mansion around the


next curve. Lady Claudine Brandt and the Duke Herhardt were the source of the woman’s laughing and the man’s low, quiet voice that she overheard.

Leyla instinctively ducked behind the wall, frustrated. She wanted to go somewhere else and hide, but the couple’s footsteps were getting closer and closer to where she was hiding.


Side Story 10






Matthias stumbled upon a discovery, as he caught sight of a small figure darting behind a wall. The orphan, raised by the gardener, had been found like a lost pet. With fluttering skirts and a mop of blond hair, there was no mistaking the child. It was by all means her!

But instead of feeling elated at the find, Matthias could only think of one thing: the child’s tendency to run away and cry.

It was a frustrating characteristic, but one that could not be taken as a whole but be tolerated in small doses. As the child looked up at him with wide emerald green eyes, Matthias couldn’t help but feel a twinge of annoyance mixed with pity.

With the scorching sun beating down on them, Claudine suggested it was time to head back. “It’s too hot for an evening walk,” she said, her voice laced with exhaustion. Despite the wide-brimmed hat and parasol, Claudine’s face was flushed with heat. Even Matthias, who was never bothered by the effects of the sun, was feeling the same.

But he was willing to indulge Claudine’s whims, who had requested the walk. He couldn’t deny the excitement of possibly finding the elusive child, who was known for hiding in the shadiest spots. However, the thought of trudging through the sweltering heat wasn’t worth the potential reward.

As they made their way back to the mansion, Matthias caught a glimpse of the child, running away as usual, bundled up in winter clothes despite the scorching weather.

Was it because of their first encounter?

He remembered the day the little girl had appeared in the forest of Arvis, like an interesting prey. But just like a bird that quickly flew out of sight, Matthias’ interest in her had remained at that level.

She was just another wild bird in his forest, nothing more. With that thought, Matthias turned his attention away from the child and followed Claudine into the cool embrace of the mansion. The pleasant air enveloped them, and the heat quickly faded, beaten by the luxurious mansion.






Bill Remmer was taken aback when he learned the news from the talkative Chef Mona. He couldn’t find the words to express his shock, simply muttering “Oh, this is so” repeatedly while scratching the back of his neck. The thought of raising a daughter on his own, as a widower, was a daunting task unlike any he had faced before.

“Oh, so that child is already…….”

Chef Mona, observing him with a hint of amusement, chided him. “What do you mean already? Its way later than my daughter,” she said with a click of her tongue. “I understand it’s not easy for a wooden stone like you to raise a daughter that suddenly appeared.”

But Bill was quick to correct her, “What daughter? I just wanted to…”

“Don’t say such nonsense,” Chef Mona interrupted him firmly, pointing towards the Duke’s Rose Garden. “Pick up the roses over there.”

Bill’s face contorted with confusion.”What are you planning to do with those ro…?”

But before he could finish his sentence, Chef Mona interrupted, her eyes sparkling with excitement. “Oh, my dear Bill! You truly are a flower-growing expert, but you seem to be lacking in the art of gift-giving.”

“Gift?” Bill repeated, his brow furrowed in embarrassment. He had never thought of giving flowers as a gift before.

Chef Mona continued, “When a young girl reaches a milestone in her life, it’s tradition for her to receive a bouquet of flowers. And Leyla, your daughter, is about to reach one of those milestones.”

Bill’s face contorted sharply with guilt, “You right, even though she’s not my real daughter…I still have to give her a gift, but I haven’t found the right time yet. Oh, my. I should have sent it as soon as possible, but it turned out like this.“

Chef Mona shrugged, “Why don’t you give it to her now?”

“But she will go somewhere, isn’t she?

“What can I do? Mr. Remmer can’t think of her as a daughter, and if Leyla has no place to go, he has no choice but to send her to an orphanage or something. Well! Should I find a gift for you if you can’t do it with your hands?”

“By the way, the idea that you would send a girl to a place where she would be unprotected saddens me greatly. This is how the world has to be.” As Bill Remmer’s eyelids twitched, the chef’s tone grew even more annoying. “She will be a striking beauty if she turns out to be an upstanding young lady, but if she ever meets with a rascal…..”

“Oh God!” Bill’s nerves were frayed to the breaking point. He couldn’t take it anymore and shouted,” I’ll do it! ” I’ll raise her and pick the gift on my own, just stop talking!”

Chef Mona’s words were like a bitter pill for Bill Remmer to swallow, her intention to help him clear but the reality of the situation weighing heavily on him. He couldn’t bear the thought of Leyla being sent to a place with no one to protect her, the harshness of the world too much to bear.


Bill Remmer stood before the blooming roses flushed with wide variety of colors, his mind awhirl with confusion and uncertainty. He had always tended to the flowers with care and dedication, but the thought of plucking them for a purpose as foreign to him as gift-giving was daunting.

“Oh, I’m scared. People would think you’re her real father.” Chef Mona’s hateful laughter echoed in his ears as she shook out her apron and left the garden. Bill was left alone in the silence, pacing between the flower beds, scratching his neck in agitation. It wasn’t until a young worker approached him that he realized how foolish he must have looked.

As the young worker approached him with concern etched on his face, Bill Remmer couldn’t help but feel a sense of unease. The boy’s innocence was a sharp contrast to the thoughts racing through Bill’s mind. He thought of Leyla, and how one day, this simple boy may very well be the one to give her flowers, to court her. The idea made Bill’s blood boil.

“Mr. Remmer…?” The worker’s voice broke through his thoughts, but Bill’s fierce gaze was enough to make the boy shrink back in fear.

Taking a deep breath, Bill tried to calm himself. He shook his hand dismissively, ignoring the worker and once again began pacing through the rose garden. He reached for a flower, but each time, he pulled back, his mind consumed by the thought of Leyla and the future.








Meanwhile, Leyla was running an errand for Lady Claudine Brandt, picking fresh roses from the garden to take to her drawing room. Though the task was easy enough, it broke Leyla’s heart to see the remaining flowers, the ones that Uncle Bill had tended to with so much care and love, discarded and left to wither away.

“Tricky and troublesome” was how Uncle Bill described the rose garden, but Leyla knew that he held a deep reverence for the flowers. The garden workers had also shared this sentiment, saying that Uncle Bill believed roses were just like people that they thrived when they were loved sincerely.

As expected, Lady Claudine had left behind many roses after her visit. Leyla couldn’t help but stare at them longingly, and impulsively asked the maid who had come to deliver the labor fee, “Those flowers, may I take them?”

“Roses? I was just going to throw them away, so take them as you please,” the maid responded nonchalantly before following her mistress’ footsteps.

Left alone, Leyla hesitantly approached the table, carefully arranging the bouquet in her arms. Holding the bundle of fragrant roses felt strange and unfamiliar, but also comforting in a way she couldn’t quite explain.


The cabin’s yard was filled with rose bushes because it was a gardener’s home. Leyla was welcome to as many as she desired. She occasionally sliced the rose into pieces to use as table and desk decor. She used dried petals to create a fragrance bag. Uncle Bill didn’t stop Leyla from spreading it all around the home despite admitting it was bothersome.

She remembered an arrangement of flowers that her friends used to boast about, and that was why a plain rose feels so fresh to her.

Leyla left the Duke’s home while pondering many things. The rose looked lovelier in the sunlight. Leyla made the decision to treat the bouquet she was holding as a present. Anyway, believing that it was a present from Uncle Bill didn’t seem to be particularly inaccurate.

Leyla took a lighter stride as she moved along the forest trail. Along the leaping stairs, the hair that had been waved loose to make a thread to tie the bouquet was.

She was unaware of how fortunate she was that the painful job and discomfort was no longer present. Nevertheless, she claimed that going forward, she would go through it every month. Even though Chef Mona’s new underwear was uncomfortable, it was considerably more tolerable than that.

Being a woman, Chef Mona had said the words that were Bermuda Triangles like mystery to Leyla, shrouded in uncertainty and prickling with a sense of foreboding. She couldn’t quite grasp the full meaning of it yet, but the memory of the word alone sent a shiver down her spine. To Leyla, the idea of becoming a woman held a sense of awe and reverence.

‘That woman.’

That’s what her relatives had called her mother, with all sorts of derogatory modifiers attached.

‘Her daughter’

They called her that name with disdain, their anger clear in their tone. It was easy to see how much contempt they held for her.

Was her mother truly the terrible woman they made her out to be?

Leyla had been grappling with this question more and more, but finding an answer proved difficult. But one thing was certain, Leyla never wanted to be like the woman they spoke of, or like her mother, or like her daughter.

It was a small, bloody lump that caught her eye, diverting her thoughts from her contemplation. Leyla didn’t have to get closer to know what it was-

a beautiful little bird, shot by the Duke.

She recoiled in horror, biting back the scream that threatened to escape her lips.


Leyla nervously walked the winding path through the forest, her heart pounding with fear. It was not the day of the hunting party, and yet she knew that the Duke had a habit of going out alone to practice his marksmanship on the small birds of the forest.

Uncle Bill praised the Duke’s improved shooting skills day by day, but Leyla could not shake the feeling of dread that overcame her whenever she thought of him alone in the woods with a gun in his hand.

The Duke became a completely different person when he was not surrounded by the other nobles.

Whenever he went hunting alone, it was bad news for both the forest’s small birds and her.

She debated turning around and going the other way, but her curiosity got the better of her.

As she walked, the sound of gunfire echoed through the trees, and Leyla knew that the Duke was nearby. When she drew closer, she could see the Duke on the road, his horse’s head turned in her direction. He had just lowered his gun, and a small bird lay bloodied at his feet.

Leyla froze, hugging a bunch of roses close to her chest as the Duke’s eyes met hers. She could see the change in his expression, from one of satisfaction to one of malice. She wanted to run, but her legs would not move. She wanted other nobles to show up and save her, but no one came no matter how long she waited.

The Duke was by himself.


Side Story 11







With lightning quick reflexes, Matthias spotted the child sprinting away and immediately gave chase. Though it may have seemed like a simple, routine pursuit, Matthias couldn’t shake the feeling that there was something deeper at play.

Was she running from a traumatic memory?

The thought of the child almost getting shot on their first encounter sent a chill down his spine. But as he closed in on her, he realized that her desperate escape was becoming increasingly erratic and inexplicable. Despite her fear and confusion, Matthias couldn’t help but feel a thrill of excitement as he closed in on the mysterious girl.

The small girl’s terror was evident as Matthias approached her. She continued to look at him as she was cornered, and Matthias couldn’t help but notice how much her eyes resembled Arvis’s summer forest at that very time. They appeared to stand out even more despite her petite and thin build.

She was still a youngster, but he saw that she seemed to have matured since their first summer encounter.

Did they call her Leyla?

Leyla….Leyla Lewellin?

Intentionally driving slowly in her direction, Matthias followed her, but their gap gradually closed. The terror in her eyes increased as she turned around.

Rose…?

Leyla looked back as Matthias suddenly spotted the flower she was holding; she tripped over a stone, fell to the ground, and let out a brief scream that shattered the peace of the forest road.

As Matthias pulled up on his horse in front of the fallen child, the petals of a broken rose fluttered in the wind. He gazed at the scene for a moment before the child jumped to her feet and stepped back, her small face red and wet with tears.

“Oh, H-hello, Duke,” she said, as if giving up on any further resistance. Standing before him with her head bowed, she reminded Matthias of a deer she often encountered in the woods with her immature, slender arms and legs. As he stared at her stooped shoulders, Matthias’s gaze shifted to the rose on the ground. But before he could reach it, the child had already run off and hidden behind a tree, her figure shaking.


Though familiar, there was something different about her now and Matthias couldn’t shake the feeling that this encounter was not as simple as it seemed.

What kind of kid was she?

Matthias was getting bored with this situation, it was nothing more than a minor annoyance. But he couldn’t help but find it amusing to spend his time on such a pointless pursuit. He lowered his squinty eyes and examined the bouquet of roses, the scattered petals fluttering in the wind.

“Hey kid, pick it up,” he said, pointing to the bouquet at the end of his hunting gun. “It’s yours.”

The child’s green eyes, staring blankly at him, filled with tears. Matthias stared at her for a long time.

The afternoon was becoming more and more tedious.

That was when he decided to end this game. He got off his horse and picked up the abandoned bouquet of roses and approached the child who was hiding behind the tree. He handed the flowers to her politely, but with a hint of haughtiness, that perfectly matched the Duke of Herhardt’s appearance. The child, who took the flowers without realizing it, looked confused, but Matthias paid no heed. He left the flustered child behind and turned away.

As Matthias returned to the mansion, he shot several more birds, making for a decent afternoon hunt.

But his encounter with Bill Remmer in the rose garden was about to take an unexpected turn.

“Well, Duke,” the gardener greeted him as usual, but this time he had something to say. Matthias turned to face him.

“It’s nothing more than… Can I take that rose?” Bill Remer pointed to a flowerbed of precious roses that the two Duchesses particularly cherished, yet his tone was uncharacteristically timid.

“Yes, as much as you like,” Matthias replied casually. “As Mr. Remer wishes.” He turned away, leaving a moderately indifferent and generous answer. But as he took a few steps, he noticed the gardener approaching the flowerbed he had just given permission to take from.

“Ah, Mr. Remer,” Matthias called out, causing the man to stop in an awkward position with a start. “No,” Matthias, who had been lost in thought for a moment, shook his head, erasing his previous question. He couldn’t help but wonder how long the orphan in charge of the garden, Leyla, would remain in this Arvis.

Matthias was suddenly filled with curiosity about the child he had encountered in the garden, but he didn’t want to get involved. There was no reason for him to know the identity of a child who was just one of the numerous users of Arvis, which had now become boring to him. He left the garden and quickly forgot about the kid.

The following year, Duke Herhardt returned to Arvis as usual, but he never again went on a hunt to chase away the orphan living in the forest. And the next year, Matthias was commissioned as an officer through the Royal Military Academy, following in the family tradition.


While serving on the overseas front, he never returned to his fief, and the child, who meant nothing to him, disappeared from his life as if she had vanished into thin air. There was no place for such meaningless memories in the life of the perfect Duke of Herhardt.

It really was.

Until the summer after returning from the front as he stood on the Platanus Road where the lush greenery stretched out before him.

A beautiful wave of green.

Her eyes were as striking as ever, reminding him of the summer forest of Arvis.



Leyla carefully dug a hole and placed the rose in it. It was the same rose she had found last summer, paired with a beautiful water bird that she had decorated with colored thread.

She laid the bouquet of roses next to the bloody, cold bird before covering it up with soil. She hesitated for a moment, but ultimately decided to bury it.

She never would have imagined that the Duke would pick up a bouquet of flowers, let alone be as polite as he was. He was just like the Duke Herhardt that everyone knew, dignified and reserved. The thought of him doing something so out of character was strange and surreal. It was the first time she felt like she truly met the Duke of Herhardt, the man who was praised by the people of Arvis.

Leyla held her breath in fear that he might bully her in some other way, but nothing more happened. He handed her the roses, turned and left.

It wasn’t until he was gone that she realized she was relieved. She felt embarrassed at the thought that the roses might have been a gift from Claudine, someone who had thrown them away. But as she walked back to her cabin with the bouquet she couldn’t bring herself to throw away, the journey felt much longer than usual. It was something she shouldn’t have kept.

Leyla made such a strong commitment as she set out with gloves and shovels to bury the birds the Duke had murdered. She then returned to the space and picked up the flower she had placed at the desk’s end.

The dead bird buried the rose in that recollection. Leyla then returned to the cabin while running. I hope the Duke hate hunting. She repeated the fruitless prayers over and over again on her way back.

“You’ve travelled through the woodland again today, huh!” Just as Leyla was about to enter the front door, a booming voice startled her, causing her to turn her head. Uncle Bill was squatting on the porch and was watching Leyla. “You’re still a child, you know, an infant.” His voice was low, but the tone was actually extremely cordial.


Leyla quickly moved toward him after setting down her gloves and shovel. Leyla, who frequently attempted to occupy the chair next to Uncle Bill, was deterred by a bouquet of flowers that had been placed there.

“Uncle?” Leyla asked, as she noticed the bouquet in Uncle Bill’s hands.

He hesitated for a moment before answering, “Well… it’s like that. It’s for you, keep it.”

Leyla’s eyes widened in surprise, “Me? Really? Is it a present for me?”

“Gift? I’ve only picked what’s grown all over the world,” Uncle Bill said casually, but Leyla was already thrilled and couldn’t contain her excitement.

She hugged the bouquet, which was almost as big as her body, and paced around the porch, admiring the flowers in the sunlight and then in the shade. She couldn’t stop smiling.

Uncle Bill couldn’t help but burst out laughing, forgetting the embarrassment he had felt earlier. He thought it was just a small gesture, but seeing the child’s happiness made it all worth it.

“But, uncle, this is a precious rose that the Duchess likes. Is it okay for me to take it?” Leyla asked, holding the rose tightly and her face filled with concern. Uncle Bill, taken aback, blurted out “Geez. A child like you worries about everything!”

“Still…” Leyla said.

“Don’t worry, I won’t get in trouble for picking a few roses.”

“Really?” Leyla asked, her eyes shining with hope.

“Do you think I would lie to you?” Uncle Bill replied with a chuckle.

Leyla shook her head and hugged the bouquet even tighter. “Thank you, uncle. It’s so pretty.” She smiled broadly, holding back her tears. She thought she could finally forget the memory of the rose buried with the bird. Having a real present for Leyla Lewellin, something this big and beautiful.

Leyla lowered her head over the bouquet of roses and breathed in the sweet scent for a long time. In the meantime, the tears in her eyes and nostrils gradually calmed down. She didn’t know what it meant to be a woman yet, but there was no vague fear now. She felt like everything was going to be fine, in a rosy and sweet way, like Uncle Bill’s blessing.

The two stayed on the porch that day longer than usual.

Uncle Bill continued to give Leyla affectionate head pats, which Leyla didn’t give any thought to. She burst out laughing, relishing the hard treatment that put her at ease.

She didn’t understand the roses her uncle had given her didn’t have thorns until that evening. She discovered the stem was smooth and devoid of any little thorns as she unwrapped the newspaper and


rope that had been used to wrap the bouquet before placing it in a vase. The roses were identical throughout.

The summer’s lengthening ended.

After the Duke left Arvis, the forest was once again peaceful. Leyla also developed swiftly in the wilderness, as if she had finally let go of something. She transformed from a girl into a lady at this very moment, as Chef Mona had said, the magic of the years.

Such calm days continued up until the summer, when the Duke came back.





Leyla glanced at the bookcase covered in flowers, and she suddenly had vivid memories of those times.

The rose that Uncle Bill had given her withered and was lost over time, but the memory was as fresh as ever.

Lovely days infused with genuine love. Leyla was aware that the rose Matthias had given her would eventually wilt and vanish, but the memory would live on in her heart and mind always. The lovely rose of the night that had been delicately tucked into her ears, not the broken bouquet that had to be buried with the bird.

Leyla gently grinned as she descended from the window frame and shut her somewhat warm eyes. Then she heard a knock on the door. A maid who worked for Norma and Elysee was standing beyond the open door.

The maid gave the message in a calm voice and with good politeness.

“My lady, the Duchesses are looking for you. Come along with me.”


Side Story 12






The tea party with the Herhardt family’s three regal duchesses was in full swing, the atmosphere crackling with a moderate calmness tinged with awkwardness. As conversation hit a lull, the soothing splash of the fountain and the melodic chirping of birds filled the air, providing a serene background to the delicate dance of teacups and saucers, aiding a little to conceal the awkwardness for a little while.

Leyla gingerly placed her cup on the table, trying to imitate the graceful movements of the two elder duchesses, her heart stuffed with suffocation of royalty while avoiding the intoxicated gaze of Elysee von Herhardt.

“You are truly a duchess now,” Norma said with a warm smile, catching Leyla’s eye. To everyone’s surprise, even Elysee von Herhardt nodded in agreement, casting the web of unpredictability.

“Indeed, Leyla is becoming quite the elegant lady. She never fails to impress me,” she said with a faint trace of admiration. Leyla couldn’t help but beam with pride, her face aglow with happiness like a glass greenhouse being filled with sunlight, while her eyes remained cool and composed, the epitome of poise and grace.

The lush vibrant roses were beaming through the vases on the table. Elysee von Herhardt’s gaze flitted to the roses adorning their table as she turned to Leyla and asked, “Isn’t that right, Leyla?”

The question caused Leyla to flush and fidget like a nervous child, getting flooded with anxiety. She took a warm sip of tea, trying to compose herself and to distract herself from sharp gazes.

Leyla was not the daughter-in-law she had hoped for as Elysee had to admit that.

She attempted to mold Leyla into a proper noblewoman yet her efforts had gone in vain. But she couldn’t let her disappointment show, not when it came to protecting her family and her own dignity. Deep down, Elysee wondered with a heartache if Leyla would ever meet her expectations, but the presence of her son, Matthias, made things no different than before.

It was amusing to see Leyla struggle, especially when the biggest obstacle in her transformation was Matthias himself, who seemed content to keep the “traces of Arvis’ child” in her, even after she had become his wife.

“Leyla, you’ve earned the recognition of even the discerning Elysee. You must be working very hard,” Norma interjected, her words skillfully changing the mood as she gave a subtle wink to the waiting-maid.

The maid returned hurriedly with a boxed package and handed it to Leyla, the box took Leyla by the uninvited surprise. “This is…” She looked at the two mistresses with widened, doe eyes.

“Open it. It’s a gift from us,” Elysee von Herhardt said, her voice soft and gentle.

Leyla hesitated before carefully untying the ribbon and opening the lid. Inside, she found a glass frame wrapped in thin paper. As the paper was lifted, she froze like the earth underneath her feet became an iceberg. The frame contained a photograph taken by the Arvis family, and among the many people in the picture, Leyla spotted her beloved father, Bill Remmer, standing stoutly on the far left, looking profusely peeved after being dragged into the photograph.

“I found a nice place to put pictures of you and Felix,” Norma said, her eyes becoming increasingly gentle as she looked at Leyla, whose words stuck in her throat and the tears welled in her eyes. “It’s a picture that records the history of the family, but it’s the only picture left of Bill Remmer. He really hated taking pictures,” Norma said as she remembered stumbling across the picture that had been sitting in the bottom compartment of the cabinet, collecting dust.

“But really, is it okay for me to have this?” Leyla asked, her voice unsteady as the frame trembled in her shaky hands. Elysee von Herhardt, who had been watching amusedly, laughed.

“Yes, I will give it to you. Even if you come to possess it, it’s our family’s history,”

“Thank you so much,” Leyla said, her nose turning red as she bowed her head in gratitude. “Thank you so very much. I must say, it’s very precious. Thank you very much,” she repeated, her voice unsteady as she struggled to mask her overwhelming feelings.

In every way possible, Leyla did not seem to have the dignity of a duchess, but Elysee decided not to point that out, at least not yet.

Leyla had calmed down before she began to cry, she pressed her eyelids tightly with her fingers, took off her glasses and smiled brightly as she gingerly put them back on again. She may have been an unsatisfactory daughter-in-law who did not meet the expectations of royalty, but it wasn’t all that bad, as Elysee shared the same sentiments.

She may have lacked a little in dignity, but she was a brutally honest child, and when Elysee saw her smiling face and realized it looked just like Felix, her tolerance for her widened just a little like a glitters of light through a cracked door.

“Leyla, it’s time you need to learn some royal manners,” Elysee said, her voice stern yet hushed, like the sound of the fountain. Leyla’s head shot up in surprise. It wasn’t expected at all. “You cannot call yourself a proper lady if you act so politely towards your family,” Elysee continued, shedding Leyla off the little pride she gained before.

“Family,” Leyla repeated quietly, her mind racing like a wild horse with the blend of thoughts.

“You are now a von Herhardt, so we must hold you to a higher standard,” Elysee added.

Leyla’s lips quivered once more as she processed the word “family.” Elysee, who was studying her face, offered a dispirited smile. “I find it difficult to fully understand and accept you, and I suspect that will


continue in the future,” Elysee admitted, choosing not to sugarcoat the truth and display honesty in her demeanor as much as she could afford. Leyla nodded, understanding.

“You are my beloved son’s wife and my little grandson’s mother. I must respect that and I do, even if I do not fully accept it. You are a member of the Herhardt family, and while you may not be the perfect duchess, you do have certain advantages.”

Elysee calmly conveyed her true feelings to Leyla, who was not entirely satisfied but not overly bothered by the critique. It was simply the conclusion Elysee had come to after observing Leyla for the past year. “I still do not understand why Matthias sent you to college, but it was quite exhilarating and pleasant for the Duchess of Herhardt to triumph over the sons of the women who once spoke ill of our family. How agreeable a situation,” Elysee said.

“Yes, I’ll do my best next semester too,” Leyla said with a bright smile on her face, her previous apprehensive expression now gone.

“I look forward to it. By the way, Leyla, would you like to take advantage of anything else?” Elysee asked.

“Pardon me?” Leyla replied, profoundly confused.

“Perhaps the great advantage of having a child like Felix,”

Elysee said seriously. Leyla didn’t couldn’t comprehend her words. Even then, she remained silent, knowing it was not her place to speak when not spoken to.

“Wouldn’t it be so good for you to have at least another well-mannered child?” Elysee hinted with a gentle smile. Even as they expressed their expectations so openly, both women remained impossibly graceful. Leyla was envious of their respectable, lady-like performances, born and bred to perfection.

“If I’m being honest, I would love to have many children… but Matthias doesn’t seem to share that sentiment. He says that one child, Felix, is enough,” Leyla mustered up the courage to explain herself despite feeling flustered. Elysee, observing her daughter-in-law nonchalantly, opened her fan with a cold and unfeeling gesture.

“What does it matter, Leyla? You’re the one carrying the child,”

“What?” Leyla exclaimed, caught off guard.

“Men only have the choice of whether or not to participate in activities that may lead to such results. But the Duke’s morning routine is simply to visit the Duchess’s bedroom – doesn’t she have a choice in the matter?” Norma added, with a scrutinizing gaze. Leyla was at a loss for words, feeling embarrassed and unsure of how to respond to such private and intimate topics being discussed so casually.

“Even if he doesn’t want to, when the time comes for him to have his own child, he will fulfill his duties as a father. Isn’t that right, Elysee?” Norma asked, glancing at her daughter-in-law.


“Sure, Matthias will do as you please,” Elysee readily agreed, her eyes briefly pausing on Leyla’s flushed and reddened face.

After that, the conversation soon returned to its original, tasteful orbit. It was hard to find any trace of the conversation that had only occurred a moment ago – the one that made Leyla so ashamed that she developed the growing urge to faint in front of the two hostesses who were now enthusiastically planning a party to be held in a few weeks.

Between the birdsong, crystal-clear and melodious against the backdrop of the fountain’s steady trickle, Leyla found herself surrounded by her own thoughts amidst the quiet conversation between the two older ladies, reflecting on how similar her husband Matthias seemed to be to his grandmother and mother.

The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree, she supposed.



‘Knock, knock.’

It echoed through the bedroom door, gaining Matthias’ attention as he looked towards it. It was soft, but then it came around a second time, a little louder. Almost as if it was an urgent matter.

Upon further investigation, the knocking came, not from the main bedroom door. But rather from the connecting door, which led straight down the duchess’ bed chambers.

Finally coming to action, Matthias took his time in setting down and covering his business files on the table as he tilted his head towards the closed door.

With no answer, Leyla finally turned the door’s knobs, finding no resistance in opening them before she peaked her head in as she grew more restless with the continued silence. Upon seeing him just staring at her, she can’t help but frown in irritation.

“Why didn’t you answer? You were quite clearly in the room.” Leyla’s eyes narrowed in annoyance at him when she found Matthias reclining back on a chair.

“Why were you knocking on the door?” he rebutted in nonchalance. Matthias himself had never once knocked on the door leading to the duchess’ room; so in turn Leyla decidedly became more confident.

“It’s rude to open the door so suddenly.” she pointed out additionally. Whatever I am, I am foremost a lady.”

The rambunctious laughter erupted out of Matthias, who stared at his wife who had made a fairly sly joke, gently flowed through and entangled itself with the melody of the waltz filling the duke’s bedroom.

Leyla had finally crossed the line with a bright smile plastered on her face. Matthias’ eyes did not leave her for a moment until she came and stopped by.

“You must be very busy today, too.” She eventually added as she stopped right in front of him.

There was a stricken tension in Leyla’s eyes as she quickly alternated between looking at the documents piled up on the table and looking at Matthias. It signified that she had something to say.

“Yes.” Tension in the room quickly turned into embarrassment when she heard his short, and succinct answer.

Matthias, who greatly enjoyed the amusing reactions of Leyla at this moment, revealed his inner mischief by doing his best to hold back a little smile at the end of his lip.

“But it’s over now.” He loosened his legs, rose lightly and stood face to face with his wife. “Say it, Leyla.” He expressed his willingness to listen, but Leyla couldn’t open her mouth and began to pace in circles.

For his wife, who probably needed more time, Matthias leant comfortably against the glistening, glass window frame. Only after enough time had passed for the white muslin curtain to swell and sink several times did Leyla come through with a determined face. The posture of holding her head upright with the back of her hand was indeed quite bold.

“Can I really be as greedy as I want?” Leyla stared at him in a slight apprehension, her tone genuinely serious.

“As much as you like.” Matthias nodded encouragingly, he had the same composure as that of a full predator. Leyla, who gazed up at his intimidating face quietly, reflected her greed and hunger in her eyes shamelessly to him.

“I wish to have another child.” she leaned in closely to his lips, her breath hitting his as she eyed him sultrily.

“Another child?” Matthias quirked up a brow at her, but his eyes darkened upon hearing her request.

“Yes. I want a baby.” she reiterated, blinking up coquettishly at him, “I can’t help but crave for another, you see.”

“Leyla,” Matthias breathed out in a low growl, matching her intensity tenfold. Leyla paused hesitantly before uttering her words clearly, with a caring face, looking at him in a manner she knew he’d be weak against.

“Give it to me,” she whispered against his lips, “I want your seed inside me.”


Side Story 13






It was so unlike her. To be so bold about such lewd desires in front of him. Matthias couldn’t help but chuckle at her newfound brazenness, but his eyes darkened with lust upon the prospect of breeding her once more.

Not liking his unresponsiveness, Leyla decided to be even more aggressive, further pushing herself up against him.

“One child is not enough,” Leyla persisted, “Felix, as wonderful as he is, just looks so much like you. I want a daughter this time, someone to take after my likeness for a change.”

“And if it doesn’t happen this second time around?” he teased her, both spouses circling each other like hungry vultures. “If we have another son like Felix? You’d be saddled with just two more like me, Leyla.” he chuckled at her.

“It won’t.” Leyla insisted, biting her lip seductively as she looked up at him through her lashes, “It’ll go exactly as I want it to be. I can feel it.” she hummed up at him, leaning against his callous palm that came up to caress her face.

“And how can you be so sure of that?”

“Won’t you wish for such a thing, my Duke?” she pleaded haughtily at him, “After all, you always get what you want.” she cooed at him. “Our daughter, Leah, can’t you want her? She already has the name her father gave her. So, the only thing she just has to do now is be born.”

Leyla laid her hands still on Matthias’ hands wrapped around her cheeks. His gaze, which looked deeply, was just calm, with neither affirmation nor negation. How she spoke was desperate – almost as though she were trying her very best to bargain with him. Her glistening doe eyes looked up towards him and begged profusely. Realizing that he was not at all moved by her actions or words, her face darkened and turned melancholic.

“Do you hate children?” Leyla’s deliberately sullen performance was clumsy and even more lovely, seemingly having the opposite effect to what she intended upon Matthias.

“Leyla, I don’t care how many children I have.” Looking into Leyla’s eyes, full of himself, Matthias calmly conveyed his true feelings. “If you think about our family, the more children, the better. And to every child born, I will fulfill my duties as a father. It’s a job that has nothing to do with that judgment, whether you like it or not. But you must have completely different expectations. I may as well only be able to handle Felix.”

And Leyla, I’m afraid of that.


Matthias reflected on his silent thoughts. The existence of another child was still giving him somewhat mixed and vague feelings. Of course, Felix was not in that category.

He loved his son.

He was a child who endured painful days, was born healthy, and became Leyla’s hope. He was also the biggest contributor, acting as a political pawn to his mother’s reluctant and strained acceptance as a Duchess. Matthias knew well that there was no name but love when referring to the feeling at the moment when he saw his son smiling just like his mother with that face. Even if the love was a little different from Leyla’s wish, it certainly was what it was.

But, what about the other kid?

Well, Matthias was hard to be sure. Would his feelings for Felix arise the same way for any other children he may have? Without such a dramatic war, separation, and reunion, Felix’s may have remained in the same sense as any other achromatic name.

Even so, he could quite possibly build and maintain the balance and order of the world as much as he could, and he would do the same for everyone except…

Leyla.

His Leyla.

“Matthias.”

He cut off and buried the idea of Leyla’s friendly, loving image.

“Can’t you think of me instead of a future that’s not yet clear?” Leyla wrapped her slowly lowered arms around his waist. Pressing herself gently against her husband, her soft, warm lips curled into a slight smile as she teasingly reminisced her dreams.

“I want to spend time with you when I have a baby; they shall grow up, and be born into this world doused in comforting and warm love. It would be so like you to prefer that time spent… over the baby… you couldn’t do that when we had Felix.”

Speaking of this, Leyla felt like she’s not a good mother, but at the moment, she decided not to hide this greed.

“Oh, and of course… I also want to happily confess that I have a baby – and be warmly congratulated. I want to proudly show off that my baby has grown this much without hiding that I’m pregnant. When morning sickness comes, I can complain that it’s hard and be fussed over relentlessly, and I can beg for what I want to eat, and when time passes and the day when the baby is born, I hope the whole family will joyously greet the baby together. I won’t be lonely.”

Her eyes suddenly dampened and turned red, and her voice began to tremble, but Leyla could still muster a tiny smile.

“Give me all that time and memory… as a gift, shall we say. Is that okay?”

Matthias von Herhardt was utterly defeated.

Matthias admitted the fact with a long, passionate kiss. There was no other answer. He didn’t seem to want to find it, either.

Their deep kiss, which began while they were still standing by the window, got interrupted for a moment when the two of them finally reached the bed.

She waited with a disorderly breath, but for some reason, the man in front of her showed no signs of continuing what they were doing – all he did was look down at her, her figure clearly reflected in his eyes. After staring at each other for a while, a sigh mixed with laughter escaped from his lips. This sudden change in behaviour made Leyla uncertain of what had just happened.

“I thought I was being used as a means to fulfill your greed.” Matthias said with a frown as he lightly tilted his head. Discerning the playfulness in his soft voice, she nonchalantly smiled and sat up straight.

“Yes, that’s right. How does it feel to be used by me, Duke?” she playfully asked while fiddling on his shirt buttons. The once pure and innocent Leyla had now become quite adept at unravelling his clothes-her warm fingertips quickly unbuttoned his shirt, revealing his strong chest to her gaze.

“You can do as you please, Your Majesty…” He replied with a cool and smooth tone while looking down at her nimble and petite hands that were diligently taking off his buttons.”… I’d happily obey your orders.”

His words made Leyla turn her attention towards the man in front of her with a light frown. This man was the most fascinating when he wore that dubiously crooked and arrogant grin, like a rogue that was eyeing a precious treasure.

“All right, I will do just what you’ve asked-” She smiled sweetly and innocently like an untainted maiden, yet she expertly took off his shirt that was just secured by the last button. “and use you to my heart’s content.”

She firmly pulled him onto the bed as if trying to prove her words that were filled with fierce determination. Matthias happily followed along as she took the lead; otherwise her weak frame wouldn’t even be able to exert enough force to push down her large physique with such ease.

She soon ran out of ideas on what to do next, and ended up hesitating for a good while. With renewed determination, she first made him sit down against a fluffy pile of cushions– she then quickly sat on his lap and hurriedly took off her own pyjamas. Not wearing any underwear, her mesmerizing naked body was not long after shown in front of him.

Matthias slowly moved his gaze from her naked chest to her smooth, supple legs with an arrogant smirk. His scrutinizing gaze soon went back to Leyla’s pretty face that was full of embarrassment. As if she could not bear his hungry gaze any longer, she quietly gave up on trying to make him stop his blatant


staring. It was undoubtedly a very embarrassing situation for her, but in the end, she didn’t hate it – she couldn’t even bring herself to hate it either.

She slowly breathed out a small sigh and began to kiss his neck, where she could feel his faint pulse. Slowly, she continued downwards– to his hard, sharp collarbone, his muscular shoulder, and finally, to the scar below his shoulder.

She may have gotten used to it by now, but sometimes when she sees his scars once again, her mind effortlessly returns to the night when she first saw the violent scars that were left on his body. At that time, she was shocked to the point that she was rendered speechless and dazed for quite a while.

‘What the hell are those?’

After discovering the gruesome marks from his old wounds that littered his body, she hurriedly took off all his clothes like a distressed and concerned mother and began to diligently check all the scars that had been left all over his body. When she saw the scars that had come from the battle where the harrowing news of his forthcoming death circulated wildly, she began to loudly cry and sob uncontrollably like a wounded child without even realizing it.

On that day, she kissed his scars lovingly and tenderly, just like what she did tonight.

Tears welled up in her eyes and soon, she couldn’t stop sobbing. She knew it was a pain that could never be erased with just her kiss, but she wanted to comfort him with whatever means that she could.

Deep down in her heart she realized, after repeating such actions laced with her desperate wishes – kissing his scars that had brought him pain again and again, that there was no more room left in her heart to hate and resent this man.

He returned back to her side and….

She forgave him.

Tonight was that kind of night, a special moment where they spent time together without hatred or sadness. They needed to start afresh, but this time only with their undying love for one another.

Leyla ended her barrage of kisses, that were akin to a sacred ritual, by delivering a warm final kiss on his hardened, flexed arm where the remnants of a gunshot wound remained.

How far they’ve gone since they first took those first steps that day?

She slowly raised her head and stared at Matthias to see how he would react. She liked the sound of his breath, which was as frantic as the waves of a stormy sea. She also found herself deeply enamored by his dark, soulful eyes, which shone with desires so clouded that even the most nearsighted could make them out.


She stretched out her thin, pale arms and held him gingerly by the back of his neck. Their burning body heat and pounding hearts slowly merged as their bare chests touched and were held tightly against one another.

“You’re so beautiful.” Leyla caressed him lovingly, giving him kisses and murmuring sweet nothings in his ears like he was a loved infant. A certain someone thought that those words didn’t fit his current appearance at all.

As he gasped for air, Matthias blinked at his wife in bewilderment. Like her spouse, she glanced back blankly and smiled brightly at him. In contrast to the woman who was actually driving him crazy, she came across as an untypically innocent pure maiden.

“The first time I saw you… I was really surprised that you were so… beautiful. You’re so scary, but you’re still so gorgeous.”

“Don’t you think that’s a strange compliment to give to your husband?”

“Not at all. From that day till now, those words still ring true. I’ve never seen anyone as pretty as you– nor have I ever seen anyone as mean or hateful as you.” Leyla gave him a lighthearted peck on the lips after she made the confession.

“I’m glad you’re fine with such a mean man.” Matthias ended up laughing as if he had just heard a funny joke, ultimately surrendering to her in the end. His wife, who looked at him carefully, tilted her head slightly as if she were about to ask him something.

“Do you think this is the only thing I enjoy?” Her hands, which were noticeably warmer than usual, wrapped around his beautiful face. Leyla, who was completely redone and wore a very serious expression on her face, was incredibly alluring to him.

‘Well, you’re driving me crazy’, Matthias stared blankly at his beautiful wife as he thought. He made the executive decision not to tell her out loud~he didn’t even want her to know. At this moment, everything about this woman had to be his very own, and only for him.

“Ah, yes.” Her vision darted back and forth as she looked at Matthias who was simply nodding his head. “I used to.”

Leyla’s face flushed like an apple tree in full bloom when his mean words triggered long-buried memories, Even if she couldn’t see nor picture herself, She could still visualize her likeness ablaze with an uncontainable heat

‘Don’t cry, what you like is fine.’

In front of her pitiful appearance crying in pain, Matthias continued to calmly pacify his wife.


How could he tell such a lowly joke at a moment like this? Because of his words, Leyla fiercely removed her lips in a fit of anger, but she was ultimately speechless when she saw the brazen man pointing to his face.

It seemed intentional, but it was funny of him to ask.

All she could do was to hit the man before her with a clenched fist. The current situation was no different than that night.

While her flimsy fists seemed to do little more than pat his rock-solid shoulders and well-built chest, he casually undid his pants. Leyla, who only noticed his actions after a few minutes, flinched; Matthias, as usual, showed no qualms in revealing his desire upfront.

Why did she have to feel ashamed when he was the one who should be feeling embarrassed?

Such inane thoughts floated aimlessly in her confused brain, but they quickly evaporated.

Her rogue of a husband yanked her close to his powerful but flexible body by the neck and kissed her soft, pliant lips like he was a thirsty traveler. To get on top of her, he pushed his weight forward onto her, softly pushing her backwards. Big and strong, his arms encircled her and held her captive in his love and want.

Her eyes gazed at the air aimlessly, eventually captured his fading attention again with a sweet resignation.

“Matthy.”

For lack of anything else to say, she kept whispering his pet name over and over again. She knew he was still listening to her, albeit only half-heartedly.

She was embarrassed by her quavering voice and the hot, wet moans that accompanied them, but a part of her didn’t want to to keep her emotions buried. But her mind soon became swept away by the tidal surge of pleasure, and she could no longer recall even the name she had been calling out so often.

The snowy world in her green eyes began to shake as a warm, fiery heat overcame her.


Side Story 14






His exhausted wife fell asleep in his arms after giving in to him until she was completely spent. Or perhaps it would be more accurate to say that her awareness was completely depleted, but semantic differences like these didn’t matter; in the end, the outcome was the same.

Matthias remained immobile, savoring the feel of her tender form that had gone pliant from the euphoria she had received from his warmth. As her body gradually released its warmth and cooled, she snuggled closer into his robust arms. The unconscious yearning she exhibited by seeking out his heat was surprisingly enchanting, enough to briefly satiate him and set aside his unrequited longing.

Matthias tenderly planted a kiss on her delicate forehead before enveloping her in his tighter embrace. He couldn’t help but fall victim to a hopeless, amorous mood, despite being a married to her for a year and so. With the supple woman slumbering serenely in his arms, he was at a complete loss for what to do next.

He dismissed the notion that it was an amusing sensation to experience with his wife, as she was already his, completely. From head to toe that her skin, flesh and bones belonged to him, the same as her soul and her warm breathes.

He was acutely aware that his carnal desires for Leyla had never been his top priority before. And he had no desire to alter that fact, even if he possibly could.

Gradually, Leyla’s rhythmic breaths began to fill the empty room, cutting through the silence that only grew more profound with each passing moment.

Matthias gazed upon her visage with his arms still folded around her. When he stroked the soft tendrils of baby hairs on her forehead, the shadow cast by her long lashes quivered and danced in response, fluttering his soul in desire.

A gentle smile tugged at Matthias’s lips as he lowered his head to plant a tender kiss on the dampened corners of her eyes. The sensation of her body gently stirring in slumber provided an inexplicable sense of solace. The midsummer breeze permeated through them, through their intertwined bodies, drenched in love and desire, seamlessly melding with the comfortable warmth of the sheets that enveloped them.

With a firm touch, Matthias traced the faint path of tears that traced down her face and rested on her plump, supple lips. As he lingered, he was drawn like a magnet to the gravitating heat of her steady breath.

Although his stance on having another child remained unchanged, Matthias couldn’t help but feel a tinge of guilt for the limited time he was able to spend caring for her while carrying their child. His


inability to be there for her when she needed me most during the war meant that the only time he had seen her with Felix was all too fleeting and selfish.

He was consumed by a madness so profound that the life of his own child was rendered trivial in his eyes. But the pleasure Leyla, heavy with his unborn child, brought to him…..was enough to dull the sting

of disillusionment and self-loathing that festered within him. If only he could relive those moments with her once again… without the specter of pain and trauma lurking at every turn….

Matthias held her slender waist, a warmth so scorching it seared through him. The memory of her once-swollen belly flooded his mind, a painful reminder of the time he had lost a long time ago.

How could he forget the way her tummy had stretched and expanded, filling up until she seemed ready to burst at any moment?

What would it be like this time around?

How large would she grow in the coming year?

He couldn’t help but chuckle at the thought of her, imagining her as a beautiful, bloated creature. He adored her this moment and promised to love her forever. Such a sight would have been a marvel to behold, and he couldn’t help but smile at the vision.

His high speed train of thinking quickly became cluttered with random situations and inquiries, but as he felt her warmth calmly dozing in his arms, his confusion was quickly cleared. He was quick to admit, that he had been incredibly conceited, dismissing his love for her as something to be immediately satisfied and resolved once he had her.

His lethal obsession with her persisted even after the times when hecompletely believed she was entirely his, at least during the times that their bodies were intertwined.

He would be able to temporarily escape the sensation of powerlessness if hecould reach as far as hecould, thrust as forcefully as he could, and push his body to the limit while immersing himself in his beloved Leyla’s warmth.

Matthias reluctantly withdrew his hand, slowly away from her bare beautiful glittering chest when she slowly opened her eyes and let out a quiet moan. Then, he carefully tightened his grasp while slowly adding a tiny amount of strength as he looked into her hazy, murky eyes that were still drowsy.

Although this significantly hampered her ability to breathe, the wicked pleasure he received from adding his red handprints to her sensitive flesh made him feel warm like a scorching sun within.

“It’s okay, Leyla. Just rest.” Matthias whispered lovingly, calming like she was a little bothered child, kissing the lovely, hard nipples of her chest.

He noted her hushed, trembling voice and overt yearning while he already inside her body once more.

“……liar.” Leyla whispered through a soft voice. Her slender eyes narrowed as she gazed at him, yet a

faint, feeble smile graced her lips. Despite her seemingly lethargic demeanor, her gaze was sharp and pure, like a pristine lake that perfectly reflected the radiance of the full moon.

“Hm?” Matthias accepted her obligation coolly while sitting with his hips lifted. He had already settled into a comfortable position, sitting between her spread-apart knees, while she shrank and coiled up in response to the impending strain.

“What a liar you are” she said smilingly.

Leaving speechless, Matthias felt even more daring as he naturally smiled boldly. He, however, responded to her charge by kissing her knee for a split second. His queen gently relaxed her hard frame, accepting and falling into his unsaid submission.

Matthias tightened his hold on her slender waist and gently slid inside of her. He was utterly hungry, yearning for her even became stronger every time she inhaled deeply and softly and stroked her delicate body against his.

He kept pushing himself into her, his hunger grew everytime when he softly pressed himself against her pale, divine body.

Leyla was trembling uncontrollably experiencing too much pleasure. Her watery eyes were searching for something as she could only sob and dramatically reach out her arms towards him.

Matthias leaned down and answered her kind plea, his entire body making a lusty moan. Her insides were warm like a sun and soft as feather, much like her body, which was barely holding on after all the pleasure he had thrust inside her. And her insides constricted around his, celebrating the pleasure that triggered her body and soul together.

“……I love you…..” Matthias whispered softly between his staggered breaths, facing her sweaty face.

Now he learned the strange feeling he felt at the moment when his eyes locked onto hers– their bodies, intertwined like tangled hair.

Love…

Despite his attempts to look away and ignore his intense feelings he was webbed in, his heart tirelessly pounded with affection for her, defying his every attempt to resist.

“I am in love with you, Leyla.” I confessed.

The very sound of her name sent shivers down her spine, and the joy it brought to him to say these words was immeasurable.


His heart overflowed with love for her, and he could say it a thousand times and still felt the same rush of emotions. So he said it again and again.

Leyla….

I am deeply in love with you…

My Leyla….

I love You.



The slow-moving season of long days passed at a heartbreaking pace. The water of the Schulter River gradually darkened in color as the peak of the day’s heat wave passed. Even though it was still Summer, the color was a sure sign that fall was on its way.

Leyla accepted the passage of time with joy, even though it sometimes brought her to sadness.

Felix matured, ripening alongside the season. As he grew older, he began to resemble Matthias more and more, but also a lot like Leyla. She knew it was a given, but Leyla was always pleasantly amazed and happy about it.

Love grew as the season carried on, as did the child.

When Leyla was able to entrust herself to the Schulter River without further fear, Matthias went to Ratz for a short while. The expansion of the company, he said, had him focused with work matters.

She and Felix could have gone back to the capital together now that summer break had begun, but instead, Leyla chose to spend the season in Arvis with Felix until her husband returned.

Both Duchesses were pleased with the choice, but especially Elysee von Herhardt. Her remarkable affection for her grandson manifested itself in recent years and just recently she persisted on proclaiming Felix the truest and most well-made masterpiece of the Herhardt family, embarrassing Leyla to some degree.

“Why? Are you upset about giving up your husband’s seat to your son?” Staring right at Leyla, Elysee’s eyes were sharp and full of intrigue as she asked. “Leyla, wouldn’t it be hard to call your husband, who was so easily dazzled by a woman who used his life as a means, still a masterpiece of the family?”

The belligerence in her expressionless gaze was tangible. Leyla couldn’t come up with a suitable retort.

“If your own son were to threaten you, you’d know how I felt.”

Elysee said. But soon, gone was her smile, and replaced by a grim expression.


“No. That won’t happen; Felix can’t repeat his dad’s mistakes.” She smiled warmly and hugged the grandson who was sitting on her lap, playing happily. “Felix, you must be the true masterpiece of the Herhardt family.”

Although he had no idea what such a word meant, Felix smiled and nodded enthusiastically, knowing it would make both of his grandmothers pleased.

Day after day, the summer of Arvis passed without Matthias.

The two duchesses became increasingly attached to their grandson as the time for goodbye approached, making it more difficult for Leyla to spend quality time alone with her son. She did, however, feel a twinge of sadness for her son, who had fit in with no trouble without showing an ounce of shyness.

Leyla’s lips curled into a sweet grin as she reflected on her son’s bubbly personality, which she argued was nothing like her husband’s. She was getting bored studying for the upcoming semester, so she was heading out for a walk. She sought Felix’s company, but he was preoccupied with the gifts from his doting grandmothers.

Leyla took off her wide-brimmed straw hat as she stepped into the dense, tree-lined trail, Her long, fair hair flowed as the wind blew Memories of a past summer without her duke flooding her thoughts. So peaceful, just like the tranquility of the forest she was strolling through.

The year Matthias headed for the front lines as an officer after receiving his commission. Arvis’ people were a little unfamiliar with, when summertime arrived without the stormy ceremonial of Duke Herhardt’s return. Even Uncle Bill, who typically doesn’t care about such things, shared these sentiments.

Leyla decided to hide her smile.

How long she had waited for the summer without the Duke;

How happy and fortunate she was.

She wanted to bury all those feelings in her heart and have a peaceful summer.

She really thought it was.

Leyla went on an adventurous foray through the forest. She observed the returning migrating birds, made notes on the recently discovered flowers, and picked as many wild fruits as she wanted to convert into a delicious, jammy preserve.

Leyla matured much throughout the summer.

The long, lean limbs that had largely shaped her physique had given way to more feminine curves. Leyla Lewellin had a number of male admirers waiting for her at the Gillis Girls’ School entrance, but she was certain that she had no interest in dating at the time. It was the season when she shed her childlike


appearance in favor of a more gorgeous, womanly figure. A pleasant and beautiful summer, full of happy and lovely memories.

There were times, however, as today, when she halted in the midst of the woodland road. She tilted her head as she stared for a while along the peaceful lane, but she quickly forgot about it and continued on with another lithe step.

Leyla stared unblinkingly at the path that led to the Schulter River. The heel of her shoe kicked the ground softly, sending a cloud of dust wisping skyward.

She held her ground for a while, before walking downstream toward the river.

Should I call him?

That silly notion made her beam a bit oddly.

Re-dooning her hat, Leyla began to retrace her steps a little faster.



Kyle saw the man in an unexpected place.

He was accompanying his dad on a house call. He wasn’t quite ready to practice medicine on his own, but he did his best to be a trustworthy assistant.

Duke Herhardt’s ride came to a halt in front of a hotel on Etman Street, just opposite the medical center. The man’s familiar gestures as he stepped out of the car caught Kyle’s eye, when they would have gone unnoticed with any other person.

“What’s the matter, Kyle?” Dr. Etman questioned as he stepped out after parking his car.

“Oh, nothing. The weather is nice.” Kyle answered flatly before his dad could cross the street and have a look.

The summer that the Duke of Herhardt came home was also the summer that the Etmans left Carlsbar.

Nobody had compelled it, but it was obvious that it would happen eventually.

The Duke’s medical position was filled by a colleague of Dr. Etman’s, and they soon settled in Ratz, where they opened a larger hospital. After completing his medical training, Kyle planned to join his father in running the family hospital.

Thankfully, Dr. Etman was allowed immediate entry into the hospital without additional questioning.

Kyle, sighing heavily in relief, turned his gaze back to the street in search of the man he had just seen.

Almost at the same time, the Duke of Herhardt turned his head.

And their eyes met on the quiet road.


Side Story 15






The two men locked eyes in a tense, silent showdown. Time seemed to stand still as they calmly sized each other up, either flinching or breaking eye contact. It was the Duke who finally made the first move, turning to Kyle and giving a subtle nod of his chin. A gesture of politeness and detachment, a reminder that he was still the same Matthias von Herhardt, Duke of Herhardt, and Kyle was still just the doctor’s son he sometimes crossed paths with.

Like the days when someone named Matthias von Herhardt took up no meaning in his life, Kyle returned the greeting with a respectful nod of his own.

After years, the Duke hadn’t changed a bit.

His feelings pendulum-swung between frustration and a sense of relief. Maybe it’s because he can see Leyla’s happiness radiating off the Duke’s face.

Without a word, the Duke sauntered off into the hotel, his perfect aristocratic and businessman persona on full display. Kyle watched him go, his expression calm, but his mind racing like a wild stallion.

It was hard to avoid anything related to them as long as he lived under the sky of this Berg. He was kept up-to-date on the Ducal pair even if he didn’t try to seek it out. People persisted for a time in their interest in illegitimate children, the marriage that upended the entire empire, and the mistress who became a duchess.

New rumors abounded every day, which were then followed by various types of criticism and speculation. The aristocratic society was most enthusiastic about the position, but the university setting—where the Duchess entered and the doctor’s son, one of the scandal’s central figures—wasn’t all that different.

For the past year, Kyle had been living in a state of detachment, almost quarantined, as if he was completely uninvolved in the events that were happening around him. Despite others’ attempts to draw him into the drama, Kyle remained stoic, knowing that the Duke of Herhardt’s influence was the reason behind their silence.

But Kyle knew the truth how the Duke was a madman when it came to his wife. The nobles of Berg quickly learned this as well, as the Duke proved it without hesitation, using any means necessary to protect his beloved Duchess.

The noblemen, who understood the brutality of the Duke’s methods, were too afraid to speak out against him. Yet his power was not limited to just this one thing, and the fact that everything else remained unchanged made people even more afraid of the Duke of Herhardt.


After the Duke was no longer seen, Kyle headed to Etman’s hospital. His long strides determined as if he marched through the streets of Arvis with his closest friend. Despite his actions, his opinion of the Duke, Matthias von Herhardt, never wavered;

He wasn’t a good man, but somehow, he was still able to be a loving husband.

It was a strange paradox that Kyle had come to accept and even predict.



The Duke’s schedule was a whirlwind of activity, with no time for rest or leisure.

From a Foreign Ministry luncheon to a hotel meeting with businessmen, and finally, a board meeting to finalize new overseas oil investments, his schedule was jam-packed. His personal assistant, Mark Evers, followed closely behind, making sure everything ran smoothly, without a single word of complaint and with no room for a mistake.

As the Duke prepared to leave Arvis, his Duchess, his beloved Leyla von Herhardt, approached him, her eyes filled with impatience.

“How many days will your business take?” she asked.

The Duke, lost in thought, replied simply, “About a week.”

Despite the tight schedule, the Duchess couldn’t hide her joy at the thought of seeing her husband again sooner than expected. “I’ll be waiting,” she said with a smile, as the Duke leaned in for a goodbye kiss.

Mark Evers knew that the Duke would accomplish everything in that one week, no matter the cost. And as he followed the Duke through the hotel lobby and into the banquet hall, he reminded himself that, even if the schedule was unreasonable, he had no choice but to accept it and make it work. The Duke’s posture and smile were stoic, as if it was just another day at work, his courtesy and habits ingrained in him.

Mark Evers deftly stepped back as they neared the banquet hall’s entrance, giving the Duke the opportunity to command attention. The Duke’s presence was felt even more strongly under Mark’s skillful direction, and as a result, the room became silent and everyone’s attention was drawn to him like a metal to magnet. In what appeared to be anticipation of the Duke’s arrival, the air began to change and shift.

It was well known that the Duke was quite detested. Many people were unhappy with his marriage and his vigorous economic expansion since they upended the conventional aristocratic society. The Duke was strong and in charge despite everything, and his presence was undeniable.

Many powerful families lost their way and fell apart in the post-war upheaval, but Herhardt was getting richer and richer every day while embracing the new era’s order.


Whilst emergent businessmen kept their rivals in check and adoring the name’s aura, the aristocrats wanted to rely on him to undermine the rules.

Matthias slowly approached the threshold of the dinner hall after pausing for a while. Whatever it could be, the men assembled here graciously extended a warm welcome to the young proprietor of the Herhardt family.

Matthias started to move through them.



“Mr. Etman! Doctor!”

As Kyle stepped onto the second floor of the hospital, a familiar voice caught his attention. He turned to see a young girl, her bright green eyes shining in the sunlight, running towards him. She was out of breath and smiling, her blonde hair braided and swaying like a flawed pendulum as she stopped in front of him.

“I’m not a doctor yet,” Kyle replied with a gentle smile, ruffling the girl’s messy hair.

“Then what are you?” She tilted her head in curiosity.

“I’m still a student,” Kyle replied, his fingers lingering on the girl’s head as memories of his childhood with Leyla flooded back to him. The soft touch of her hair, the way her eyes shone, the way she stole his heart all those years ago.

“But I’ll call you doctor. Because you’re a doctor for me.” The child spoke with determination, and Kyle couldn’t help but smile in response. The girl’s face lit up like the sun, her stubbornness endearing to him.

“This is for you, sir.” The child fumbled in her pockets and pulled out a ripe peach. “You gave me chocolate last time, and cookies.”

“Is that why you’re repaying me?” Kyle asked with a smile.

“Yes!” The child’s answer was strong and sure. “It’s a really delicious peach. Make sure you eat it,” she added, as if sharing a great secret.

With that, the child took off down the hallway, leaving Kyle with the peach in his hand. He watched her go, her receding figure reminding him of Leyla in her youth. Before disappearing around the corner, the child turned and waved, her bright smile lighting up the hallway like a torch against void, one last time.

With a peach that the child had given him, Kyle ascended the stairs one more story. He spent the majority of the day in his study at the hospital’s end of the third floor, with the exception of a brief period to assist his father. With a library of Etman’s medical literature that had been accumulated over many generations, it was the ideal location to focus on studies.


Kyle stood up from the desk and walked over to the study’s window. From where he was standing, he could see a little park located behind the hospital. In between looking at the peach in his fingers and a group of white pigeons ascending into the sky, Kyle lowered his sight.

As a young boy, he had a plethora of things he wanted to give to Leyla, the girl he loved the most. He longed to provide her with good school supplies, books, and snacks, his heart breaking at the thought of her going without. To his relief, Leyla accepted his gifts gratefully, but she also made sure to repay him in kind.

At first, Kyle couldn’t help but wonder if Leyla didn’t want to be in debt to him, or even if she hated him? But he soon discovered the truth; Leyla was simply trying to express her gratitude with things that were precious to her.

From that day on, Kyle accepted her gifts with open arms, her offerings of colorful bird feathers, mysterious pebbles, and wild fruits all holding a special place in his heart.

But of all the gifts, it was the wild fruits that he treasured the most. They were a reflection of her wild and free spirit, and every time he bit into one of her offerings, he felt like he knew her a little bit better. And the fruit just like Leyla, were all sweet and delicious.

Kyle sat by the window, staring out at the park below, savoring the taste of the juicy peach in his hand. He allowed himself to let his thoughts drift to the girl who had dominated his childhood, her bright green eyes forever etched in his mind.

Their love was unfulfilled, but the memories of their childhood together were still precious to him like priceless jewels.

Leyla had been his dearest friend, sister, and….his lover,

and those beautiful days they had shared had helped shape him into the person he was today.

He closed his hand around the hard peach pit, the sweet nectar still clinging to his fingers.

Thank you, Leyla,

for all the happiness you’ve brought me,

He thought, a smile spreading across his face.

With a sense of contentment, Kyle stood up, the sunlight cracking through the window, bathing him in a warm glow.

He made his way to his desk, piled high with medical books, and slowly opened the bookshelf. It had become a daily ritual for him to look at the picture frame, remembering the girl who had once been a precious part of his life.


As he began to study, the quiet room was filled with the sound of pages turning and Kyle’s mind filled with memories of her.





Leyla carefully examined the photograph once again after meticulously cleaning the frame to her satisfaction. The Duke was depicted in Bill Remmer’s lone photograph. He was positioned in the middle, with the other users lining up behind him.

Her eyes shifted from Uncle Bill’s extreme left side and paused on the face of the young kid Duke in the center. The year before the mail wagon carried the girl was shown at the bottom of the image.

He appeared to be a boy of around 17, yet oddly, his stance and demeanor were the same as they were right now. Matthias had a similar reaction to the pictures and portraits that were displayed throughout the Duke’s home. Even when he was quite little.

Leyla beamed a little because she found it comical. She then gave Uncle Bill another soft glance that had a hint of her smile.

Leyla couldn’t help but daydream about taking a trip to Lovita with Matthias during their next vacation. The two countries had once been at war, but now the border was open and relations were slowly improving.

Though she knew the winter would be tough, she couldn’t help but hope that next year they could make the journey. She longed to visit Sienna and pay her respects at Uncle Bill’s graveside, where she could imagine him resting peacefully on the beautiful beaches.

Leyla’s heart skipped a beat as she heard the knock on the door. She was excited for the rare opportunity to spend some alone time with her son, Felix, now that Elysee von Herhardt was going out for the afternoon.

“Yes, come on in!”

As she made her way to the door, Felix’s bright laughter was heard coming from the other side, penetrating through thick walls.

When she opened the door, she was greeted by the nanny, who skillfully handed Felix over to her. Leyla couldn’t help but feel her heart melt as she hugged her son, who had been so mature and well-behaved with his two grandmothers.

“Duchess Norma is taking a nap, and Duchess Elysee is getting ready to go out. And the master is coming back this afternoon,” the nanny informed her in a subtle tone.


“Already?” Leyla’s eyes widened in surprise, her excitement growing. She had been waiting day by day, there’s still another day left to fill a week.

“Yes. Mr. Evers said he had contacted Carlsbar Central Station to wait until three o’clock,” the nanny added.

Leyla’s smile grew brighter like a rising moon, she was willing to forgive Matthias for not promising to come back early after several phone calls. It was a pleasure to be able to reduce the number of days that felt too long.

I’m going to take Felix on a walk.” Leyla checked at her watch, a tinge of excitement in her voice. ” You needn’t come along,” she added.

“Yes, my lady. Go ahead.” The nanny smiled at the Duchess’s order.


Side Story 16







The car that carried the Duke out of the city towards Arvis was filled with a deafening silence. Though it appeared as though the Duke was handling his packed schedule with ease, he was quietly dozing off, buried in the sheets, as if he was carrying the weight of exhaustion on his shoulders. Mark Evers, who had been pushing through the demanding schedule, also became unusually quiet, his usual chatter replaced with a contemplative lull.

The fresh aroma of pine trees began to fill the air as the car slowly made its way down the secluded road leading to the fief. The rustling of leaves, signaling the start of Arvis, could also be heard. Mark Evers, lost in the tranquil beauty of the landscape, suddenly sat up straight in his seat. Almost at the same time, the driver spotted a woman walking across the street. Leyla von Herhardt, the Duchess, with her son in her arms.

Mark Evers turned to wake his sleeping master, but quickly realized it was unnecessary. The Duke had already opened his eyes, his gaze fixed on the window, where he saw his wife. His face was adorned with a faint smile, a sight that Mark Evers knew to be reserved for the Duchess alone.

Without hesitation, Mark Evers gestured for the driver to stop the car and the Duke stepped out, leaving his jacket behind.

“Thank you for your hard work,” Matthias said, before adjusting his jacket and tie, making sure everything was in its place. His smooth movements, from buttoning his jacket to adjusting his cufflinks, were effortless as flowing water.

“I’ll see you at the mansion,” Matthias said softly as he turned to leave. The moment Leyla caught sight of him, she waved her hand, and Felix, in her arms, mimicked her.

Matthias laid his hands nonchalantly on his back and started to stroll towards his wife and son. The automobile continued to go away in silence. Leyla’s steps accelerated as the car vanished from view. She walked with the grace of a feather even while carrying Felix, who grew heavier every day.

Matthias halted in his tracks. For a moment, his cerulean eyes captured a beautiful image of her walking down the path, past the flickering shadows of the lovely trees.

…and here she comes.

She was approaching him like the sound of an endless green wave, the wind playing with her hair.


The sound of laughter and joy filled the dull air as she paused her stride. Matthias, caught off guard by her sudden stop, watched as she chatted and laughed with their son before slowly put him down in the ground.

“Daddy!” Felix’s shout jarred the slumbering afternoon. The child broke free from her grasp and ran towards his father with arms wide open.

His roomy sailor collar flapped like wings as he waddled. Matthias scooped up the young boy with a smile, marveling at how much stronger and sure-footed he had become, making it quite a distance without tripping.

“Hello, daddy.” Felix grinned and waved at him, then happily hugged his father’s leg.

“Hello” Matthias smiled, taking a glance at his child, and picked him up. “Felix.”

Leyla joined in their embrace with a face beaming with happiness. Matthias reached out and took her hand. Together, the three of them began walking hand in hand along the Platanus trail, basking in the late summer sun and each other’s company. Like a shaft of sunshine breaking through the trees, Leyla’s voice glittered with joy as she recalled the events of the past week and the botany she learned today.

“I’m so glad you came back early,” she said, her eyes shining with happiness as she looked up at Matthias.

Matthias turned his head and looked down at his wife standing next to him. Her gaze met his with a fiery intensity as she eagerly awaited his response.

“I’ve been waiting for a long time,” she exclaimed, her voice filled with longing.

“You’re going to use it as a means of desire?” Matthias teased, but Leyla was undeterred.

“Yes,” she responded confidently. “That’s not everything, but that’s true.”

Ears that were all crimson and hands that were all a-flutter, little bit of shyness that couldn’t be hide not even with a child’s laughing, was actually rather endearing. The excitement bubbling within her was palpable, and Matthias couldn’t help but feel swept up in it.

With a bold laugh, she grabbed Matthias’ hand and pulled him along the Platanus road, exchanging silly jokes and laughter as they walked side by side, turning the once peaceful road into a hubbub.

As they approached the grand, colorful gates of Arvis, Leyla paused, her expression growing serious. “I missed you,” she confessed, her eyes shining with emotion. “I keep thinking of you, and the more I think about you, the more I missed you. So I’ve been waiting a long time.”

She felt a little hollow after realizing that it was much simpler than she had expected to voice her mind.

“And you?” Leyla asked, even though she already knew the answer, “Did you miss me? Like a demanding baby, all she wanted was to hear his answer.


Matthias didn’t need to say anything, his actions spoke louder than words as he pulled Leyla into a tender kiss. Leyla accepted his answer. She loved the sweetness and intimacy of their kiss, the way their lips brushed and their breath mingled. Not even in her wildest dreams did she think she’d be able to share this moment with this man.

“Daddy, daddy.” Felix’s unexpected, heartbreaking cry broke the silence. The child started whining just as their lips were about to touch again,

“Dad..Dad….” He was wriggling in Matthias’ arms, wanting his own kiss from his father. “Me too…me

too!” with a pout on his face, he looked at his dad and then kissed him on the cheek.

“Good for you, Matthy, Because your son loves you so much.” Leyla looked on at the two men with a warmth in her heart. ‘Go and show him how much you love.’ Felix was definitely a really smart kid given how well he grasped the meaning of that word.

Laughing and filled with love, Matthias obliged, planting a kiss on his son’s cheek. Felix began to laugh and chatter excitedly, as if he was happy with the love he received.

“Our next child will love you like Felix,” Leyla declared, her eyes locked onto Matthias’. “I’m sure it is. I can be sure.”

Together, the three of them walked through the gates of Arvis, their hearts full of love, hope and excitement for the future.







The Duke’s family left Arvis as the cool winds of fall began to blow, signaling the end of summer.

Felix, who had only been with the family for a short time, had grown significantly and surprised the staff at the Ratz mansion. Leyla, meanwhile, had been working hard to prepare for the next semester of school and had learned how to swim. She was proud of her academic progress, but was even more thrilled to be able to float in the water without fear.

“I want to learn backstroke next summer.” One evening, as she sat on the dock watching the sunset, she expressed her desire. “I want to be able to swim like you”

Matthias, who was with her, only smiled in response, but Leyla felt her pride hurt a little.

“Fine.” he said, soft like a waterbird’s feather. “Let’s do it. I’ll teach you.”

With just that word, Leyla felt like she was living a happy summer again.

The question is when is the right time to tell him?


Leyla sent a doubtful glance Matthias’ way across the table. She caught the attention of him, who had just set down his glass of water. Mathias was illuminated by a dry ray of sunlight that peaked through the new drapes and twitched his brows as if he had something to say.

“Are you busy today?” Leyla asked, looking at Matthias’ familiar face that had changed a bit, but still retained its familiar features. She gently picked up her napkin.

“Maybe,”

“Then would it be hard to have dinner together?” Leyla asked.

“Well…” Matthias paused for a moment, lost in thought. He then rang for a server and waited for them to come over. Leyla held her napkin tightly as she waited for their conversation to end.

“Leyla, do you mind if the meal is a little late?” Matthias asked the server.

“How late?”

“Maybe around 9,” Matthias said.

“All right, I’ll wait,” Leyla readily agreed. She considered whether it would be better to talk now, but decided it would be better to wait and make sure.

After finishing his meal, Matthias quickly left for work, leaving Leyla behind. Instead of tending to the garden or reading, as she usually did, Leyla lay down on the long sofa in the drawing room and closed her eyes for a moment. But when she woke up, it was time for her to head off to school.

“Are you all right, my lady?” The nanny asked anxiously, as she entered the room with Felix. “Are you feeling unwell?”

“No, I’m not sick,” Leyla replied, giving Felix an awkward hug.

“But these days, you’ve been feeling tired and sleepy, and…” The nanny’s eyes grew wide with worry. “Don’t tell me…”

“Can I see Dr. Feller this evening?” Leyla asked shyly, patting Felix on the head.

“Of course, my lady! Should we call him now?” The nanny’s eyes were fixed on Leyla’s blushing cheeks.

Leyla, lost in thought for a moment, shook her head.

“I’ll see him in the evening, after class,” Leyla said.

“School? Oh, my lady, are you going to school?” The nanny exclaimed, surprised.

But Leyla simply nodded calmly, her gentle smile hiding a determined glint in her eyes. The nanny, who knew Leyla to be a stubborn Duchess, knew there was no changing her mind.


“You’re not going to ride your bike, are you?” The nanny asked, noticing Leyla’s silver bicycle leaning against the mansion’s flower bed. Leyla laughed and shook her head.

“I won’t ride a bike.”

“Then, hurry up and get the car…….”

“No, I’ll walk there. It’ll be a nice walk,” Leyla said, as she picked up her leather bag, an old birthday present from her uncle Bill, and slung it over her shoulder.

The nannies and maids were left in shock and disbelief as they tried in vain to change Leyla’s mind, but to no avail. Leyla finally managed to go to school only after reassuring the girls who followed her to the entrance of the mansion.

“Oh! I’ll tell the Duke myself after seeing Mr. Feller!” Leyla exclaimed, turning around with a spring in her step. The puzzled maids’ faces soon transformed into smiles, mirroring Leyla’s own.

“Yes, my lady!” They chorused in unison, basking in the autumn sun. “Don’t worry. We’ll keep it a secret!”

he Duchess’s determination and confidence left them in awe, they agreed to keep her secret, secret.


Side Story 17







The announcement of the Duchess of Herhardt’s pregnancy swiftly circulated amongst the upper echelons of Carlsbar and Ratz. While it’s not unusual for a vibrant and fertile couple to expand their brood, the tantalizing tidbit that the expectant Duchess is currently enrolled in college set tongues wagging with fervor.

“A child born of such brilliance is sure to be exceptional,”

Elysee von Herhardt shared her viewpoint, and Norma had a similar attitude. No matter what they thought, Matthias had already decided, so there was no point in arguing with him about it. His ability to create a happy union despite the apparent drawbacks of his previous marriage was actually a credit to his tenacity.

“If you do choose to proceed, give it your all,” During their recent phone call, Elysee mentioned something unexpected before they hung up. “This means that as a member of the esteemed Herhardt family, you must not allow anyone to disregard you. Is that clear?”

Leyla could now distinguish the intricacies in her mother-in-tone law’s despite her low voice. She saw that when it was conveying sincere feelings, it grew kinder and more deliberate.

“Yes, mother!” Leyla exclaimed with unbridled enthusiasm, unaware of the fervor in her voice. “I will give it my all. I promise to do my very best.”

Elysee sighed with a hint of concern, wondering if Leyla’s exuberance was too unladylike, but she refrained from voicing any complaints. Leyla was determined to keep her promise to her family, and she would try her hardest to do so. However, there are certain things in life that even an unwavering will cannot conquer, and morning sickness was undoubtedly one of them.

As the morning sickness resurfaced, Leyla found herself succumbing to exhaustion and sought refuge on the couch, covering herself with a throw blanket. Soon, she drifted off into a deep slumber. When she eventually stirred from her sleep, she noticed the fading sunlight filtering through the curtains and the comforting presence of Matthias by her side. A radiant smile illuminated her pallid features as she realized she was cradled in his embrace.

“Have you had anything to eat?” Matthias asked Leyla, as their eyes locked. He had asked the question with the regularity of a routine greeting ever since the beginning of her morning sickness.

“I managed to eat a bit today.” she replied, gently touching her stomach.


Matthias lifted his gaze and glanced the basket of peaches on the table. “Another peach?” he queried, noting that their bedroom had been perfumed with the sweet aroma of the fruit ever since Leyla became pregnant.

Leyla had announced her pregnancy during a late dinner they shared one night, her eyes sparkling with uncontainable excitement and anticipation, as if she were divulging a secret surprise. Matthias had to be cautious in concealing the fact that he already knew, putting forth a concerted effort to keep his composure.

As Matthias observed Leyla attempting to suppress what she wanted to divulge that morning, an inkling of apprehension stirred within him. By the evening, his intuition had been confirmed during a phone conversation with his physician, Dr. Feller.

“I believe my wife may be pregnant,”

Matthias disclosed over the phone. He requested an appointment with his physician, and as he relayed his suspicion, the doctor remained silent for a prolonged moment.

“Did you already have an inkling, Your Grace?” the doctor inquired, his voice betraying a sense of indescribable awkwardness. “The Duchess wishes to inform you of the news in person, so please maintain discretion…”

“Understood,” Matthias replied to the doctor, his voice calm but tinged with embarrassment. “I’ll feign ignorance.”

It wasn’t difficult to comprehend Leyla’s desire for secrecy, and so Matthias took it upon himself to safeguard the information.

“My wife had a rough time with her first pregnancy.” As the preliminaries were finished, Matthias spoke calmly about the subject at hand. His military wounds pale in comparison to the recollections of those times when he was powerless to save a Leyla who was nine months pregnant.

“I hope things go smoothly this time,” Matthias spoke in a soft voice that lacked its usual conviction. “Although, I trust that with Dr. Feller’s expertise, any worries I have will be rendered meaningless.”

The call drew to a close with formalities exchanged, but the weight of Matthias’ request lingered in the air. “Please take good care of my wife,” he repeated, a note of urgency in his voice.

After that, the doctor routinely visited the mansion without requesting a visit to check the Duchess’s

health. They trusted Dr. Feller’s expertise and were comforted by the fact that Leyla and the baby were healthy, aside from the usual morning sickness.

But Matthias couldn’t shake off the feeling of anticipation and excitement as they headed back to the mansion that night. He knew the surprise that awaited him, yet Leyla seemed to be playing a game of cat and mouse with her words during dinner, teasing him with her hints.


As the night grew longer, Matthias’s expectations only grew stronger, fueling his eagerness to finally hear the words he had been waiting for.

Matthias felt relieved at Leyla’s response, but he couldn’t shake off the feeling that he should have reacted better.

‘How does he feel?’

Obviously, that was the simplest thing to answer.

‘He is happy.’

The miracle of life was growing inside the woman he loved, it was also Leyla’s fondest wish. He doubt Leyla had anything she was more excited for. They work hard at making child an actuality. And naturally, this would happen; it was predictable.

It wasn’t until Leyla’s confession after dinner that the missing piece fell into place. Matthias was struck with a mix of emotions, but Leyla’s joy and excitement were contagious.

“Can you give me a hug?” Leyla asked by showing her arms wide open “Please give me a hug,” Her emerald eyes sparkled brightly, filled with cautious expectations and tension. For him, hugging the attractive woman with all his strength wasn’t difficult at all.

Matthias gave Leyla an unexpected gift that day: a basket of luscious, juicy peaches.

‘I want sweet and crunchy peach. That look flawless and pretty.’

Leyla said seriously, staring at him who first struggled to understand the significance of her demand. But as Leyla described how crucial the sweet fruit was to satisfying her pregnancy cravings, as elusive as the wish was, Matthias was willing to grant it.

Leyla’s face beamed as she held a basket of peaches in her arms, which was hardly a gift. She carefully chose the best peaches for her beloved while maintaining a determined expression in her eyes. Over time, Matthias, who had been watching, started laughing

“You can have them all to yourself, Leyla,”

“Still…”Leyla’s serious expression remained unchanged as she extended a peach in each hand towards Matthias. “Which one do you think is the most beautiful?” Leyla claimed, implausibly, that in Matthias’s opinion, both peaches are identical.

“You pick one for me. I’m going to eat the prettiest one first.” Matthias chuckled at Leyla’s enthusiasm for peaches. He could see the joy in her eyes as she carefully inspected each one, trying to find the perfect one.

Matthias carefully examined the basket of peaches. Finally, his eyes landed on a particularly vibrant and luscious peach on the left-hand side of the basket. He held it up to Leyla with a sense of triumph.


As she gazed at the chosen peach, a mixture of emotions flickered across Leyla’s face. Matthias could sense her inner turmoil, but he didn’t pry. Instead, he stood by her side, offering silent support as she composed herself.

Soon enough, Leyla’s laughter echoed through the room, and she began to eat the peaches one by one with utmost care and reverence. Each bite seemed like a small ritual to Matthias, who remembered the sweet scent and sound of Leyla enjoying the fruit on a previous occasion.

As he watched her savor the peaches, Matthias couldn’t help but feel a surge of emotion. He knew that their child was growing inside Leyla’s belly, nourished by the same sweetness and care that she was now taking with each bite. It was a moment he would never forget.

“I ate peaches, and I ate other things.” Leyla spoke inaudibly, as if in a dream, and her voice was scarcely heard. In a trance-like state, Matthias continued to tenderly brush her head.

“What else?” Matthias leaned in with a curious expression, his eyes fixed on her face.

“A tiny chicken and an egg and a little bit of bread,” she murmured, her words barely audible as she snuggled closer to him.

Matthias gazed down at his wife with a furrowed brow, concern etched on his face. “Isn’t that food bad for you to eat when you’re not feeling well?” he asked, his voice laced with worry.

Leyla’s eyes widened with surprise as she looked at him “Don’t be quick to blame the servants for something I’ve already approved,” she said firmly. “I did my research and found out that a well-formed placenta can help alleviate morning sickness. Eating a lot of eggs and meat can also be beneficial for the baby’s development.”

“The thought of consuming it during bouts of nausea doesn’t sound appealing,”

“I need to focus on my studies, and I can’t afford to have this lingering pain distract me. It’s better to endure a shorter but more intense period of pain than to have it drag on indefinitely.” Leyla’s voice was resolute as she spoke, her eyes fixed on Matthias

“Ah, so it’s not just some random idea you came up with?” Matthias said teasingly.

With a mischievous giggle, Leyla propped herself up on the pillows, her eyes sparkling with amusement. “Well, that conclusion is sensible, isn’t it?” However, the glint in her eyes faded quickly as a wave of nausea washed over her once more. The morning sickness had returned, leaving her looking pale and sickly.

Matthias’ gaze softened as he looked down at Leyla, who was once again lying on his lap. “Why don’t you stay in bed, Leyla?” he suggested gently, brushing a strand of hair from her forehead.


“I’ll be fine here, maybe I’ll sleep here” Leyla shook her head stubbornly, snuggling closer to him, “For some reason, my morning sickness seems to worsen when I lie in bed. Maybe it’s the angle or something.”

“What sets apart a sofa from a bed?”

“I’m not sure about that, but it just seems like…… That is the feeling.”

Leyla’s words might have seemed illogical, but Matthias couldn’t help but find her adorable as she spoke with a glint in her eyes.

“I know It does seem a little implausible.” After close inspection, Leyla scrunched up her face in displeasure at her husband’s strange approach to treating nausea by eating eggs and meat while avoiding sleeping on a bed because of discomfort. “Unfortunately, I’m powerless in this situation. If morning sickness takes over, my ability to think logically goes out the window.” Her voice trailed off as she admitted. She squeezed her eyes shut tightly, despite having much more to express. Matthias placed a cold hand on her sweat-dampened forehead and let out a quiet exhale.

“Matthy, could you read me a book?” Leyla’s eyes fluttered open after a prolonged period of rest, and she addressed Matthias with a request. Her plea caused a crease to form on Matthias’ forehead, accentuating the worry lines etched there.

“Books?” Matthias echoed, slightly puzzled.

Leyla’s eyes fixated on a book laid out on the table, “Could you take a look at that book for me? I haven’t completed my test yet, and it might help if you read it out loud.” She gestured towards a paleontology book sitting adjacent to a basket of fresh peaches.

With a grin, Matthias opened the thick tome, bearing the remnants of Leyla’s fingerprints. As he began to speak, his voice resonated with a soothing quality, delving into the intricate details of ancient life’s evolution. The fragrance of the peaches mingled with the gentle cadence of his voice, permeating the stillness of the night air.

Leyla shut her eyes and listened intently, the occasional pang of nausea quelled by the pleasant atmosphere around her. It turned out to be a rather tranquil evening.



As the winter break drew near, Leyla von Herhardt’s reputation had taken a nosedive, earning her a notorious status. The Duchess, who had been held in high regard by her peers in the previous semester, was now viewed with a mixture of fear and disdain, as her visibly pregnant form made an appearance in the classroom.

Yet, as Leyla stood before a poster, her swollen belly proudly displayed, her face radiated with a bright aura of contentment, undaunted by the snide remarks and sarcastic congratulations thrown her way.


Her joyous smile spoke volumes about her unshakeable spirit, defying the notion that she was as “crazy” as her husband.

“You’re not your average kid, are you?” Elysee von Herhardt’s voice crackled over the phone as she processed the news, yet, there was a hint of pride in her voice as she praised Leyla, “You’ve done an outstanding job, my dear.” As she bid her farewell, her tone softened, conveying a deep affection for her unconventional offspring.

Leyla replayed the brief conversation in her mind, relishing the joy it had brought her. And each time she did, she felt a fluttering sensation in her stomach, as if the child within was also sharing in her happiness.

“Matthy! Quick! Come here!” Leyla exclaimed, sensing the tiny life within her stir. She longed for Matthias to share in the moment with her, but he remained as composed as ever.

“It’s moving, can’t you feel it?” Leyla urged, pulling his hand to her abdomen, where the baby was kicking and squirming, almost as if it was eager to make its presence known.

Matthias acquiesced to his wife’s request, staying by her side as she excitedly shared the movements of their unborn child. Although it wasn’t their first pregnancy, there was still a sense of wonder and joy in seeing their child come to life within her.

Leyla finally released his hands once the baby settled down. He remained by her side, gazing at her lying in bed. The flickering flames of the fireplace danced across her body, casting shadows that accentuated her curves.

“Let me take care of you,” Matthias offered, his hand tenderly holding a towel as he approached her chest. Leyla hesitated at first but then relaxed as Matthias gently wiped her body, his touch conveying his love and care for her.

Leyla’s initial hesitation gave way to a rush of excitement as Matthias’ towel touched her skin, sending shivers down her spine. The warmth of the towel coupled with the tender touch of her husband ignited a fire within her, causing her heartbeat to quicken with each passing moment.

Matthias held back until Leyla’s cheeks were flushed with desire. His gaze lingered on her body, now carrying their child, giving him a sense of pleasure unlike any before. It was a contented feeling, a sense of fulfillment that left Leyla feeling drowsy yet satisfied.

As they lay in bed, intertwined and holding each other close, Leyla buried her face in the crook of his neck, relishing the comfort of his embrace. The once unfamiliar experience of sleeping in each other’s arms had become a nightly ritual, bringing them closer together as they awaited the arrival of their child.

Leyla’s voice trailed off into the quiet darkness of the room, her worries about her changing body weighing heavily on her mind. “Soon, I’ll resemble a penguin,” she whispered softly, almost to herself.


“”Maybe I won’t look pretty anymore. But can you still tell me that I’m pretty?” Her question hung in the air, seeking reassurance.

Matthias’s gentle lips on her forehead was comforting as he listened to her concerns. Without hesitation, he answered her unspoken plea. “I will” His voice was filled with love and tenderness as he held her close, promising to shower her with compliments as much as she needed. “I’ll tell you’re pretty as many times as you want to hear it, Leyla.”


Side Story 18

(END)






With the arrival of spring, a new Herhardt emerged into the world. The sun shone brightly on that afternoon, casting a warm glow on the blooming buds of the flower tree.

In a hushed tone and with swift steps, the hospital staff approached and shared the news, “A baby has been born to the Duchess and they are preparing to introduce the newborn to you shortly.”

Matthias gently placed his cup down on the table and turned his head towards the door. As the formal message of congratulations from the staff came to a close, a team of medical professionals led by none other than Dr. Feller, Matthias’ personal physician, entered the room. They provided updates on the health and wellbeing of both mother and child, and bid their congratulations before departing with beaming smiles.

The VIP room, reserved exclusively for the Duke’s family, was enveloped in a serene stillness. Matthias sat in contemplative silence, his gaze fixed upon the blossoming branches of the flower tree swaying outside the window. The two mistresses of Arvis sat across from him, observing his wordless demeanor with a quiet understanding. Meanwhile, Felix, who had eagerly awaited the arrival of his new sibling, had succumbed to slumber after an arduous wait.

As the golden light of spring flooded into the VIP room, a gentle voice pierced the serene stillness. “Congratulations, Matthias, for now you have been blessed with the gift of two children,” Norma whispered. Her voice carrying a sense of warm familiarity that only a grandmother could impart.

Arriving at the hospital straight from the company, Matthias cut an impeccable figure – the very epitome of a Duke Herhardt. His expression and demeanor were equally unblemished, leaving little indication that he was a man consumed with worry upon hearing the news of his beloved wife’s childbirth. The two Duchesses, apprehensive that Matthias might display any unbecoming behavior that would betray his royal station, exchanged embarrassed glances that could not have been more divergent in nature.

“Thank you, Grandma. And Mother.” Matthias turned his gaze to his grandmother and mother with a serene countenance and spoke in a measured tone, his lips curled up into a gentle smile, one that was no different from his usual expression of composed elegance.

As they engaged in some ceremonial small talk, the attendant made a reappearance, interrupting their conversation with news that the hospital room had been thoroughly cleaned and was now ready for their use.


“We shall venture forth as a family once Felix awakens, so you go to Leyla first.” Elysee spoke to Matthias, as she lovingly patted her slumbering grandson’s head, cradled securely in her arms. While she was uncertain of Matthias’ thoughts on the matter, she felt that it was only fitting for Leyla to be greeted first by her husband.

Matthias rose from his seat, offering a curt nod of acknowledgement before departing the VIP room. As he smoothed out the fabric of his clothes, the manner in which he exited seemed almost callous and detached.

Elysee von Herhardt, watching her son’s departure with a furrowed brow, could not help but feel a pang of disappointment. “I carried him in my heart all these years, yet I hardly recognize the man before me,” she lamented, her gaze turning to Norma with a questioning glint in her eye. “How can he be so indifferent on a day like this, after what he had done for his wife.”

In the waning days of the previous month, Matthias revealed his bold plan to relocate the final resting place of Bill Remmer, situated in Lovita, to the town of Berg. However, in order to expeditehis plan, he required the full cooperation of Lovita’s royal family.

Although Elysee von Herhardt raised objections, Norma, being the wise matriarch that she is, ultimately acquiesced to her grandson’s wishes. She understood all too well the profound sorrow of a child separated from their parents’ graves in a distant land beyond the border.

“What do you mean by parents?” Elysee von Herhardth inquired, pondering the true origins of the Duchess of Herhardt. Does Matthias wanted to brazenly proclaim the empire that his wife is a gardener’s daughter?

Elysee von Herhardt recoiled at the thought, yet found herself unable to resist until the bitter end. Tormented by the idea for days on end, she eventually relented, albeit with a caveat. She would never permit a gardener to be laid to rest in the family’s hallowed cemetery.

Luckily, her son possessed enough sanity to eschew such a brazen act. Instead, the gardener was interred in a new plot not too far from Arvis. And come springtime’s end, Bill Remmer would slumber peacefully, gazing out upon the verdant forest he had so cherished in life.

“The magnitude of love that we once shared cannot have dissipated overnight, but alas,” sighed Elysee, her voice tinged with melancholy. “Today. . . . .”

“Have a look at this Elysee!” Norma chuckeled, gesturing towards the table’s forefront where Matthias had been seated not long ago. Something glittering had caught her eye, resting beside the untouched teacup. It was none other than Matthias’ cuff button.

Elysee von Herhardt’s pupils dilated in recognition as she pieced together the implications of this trinket’s presence.


“Sweet heavens above,” gasped Elysee, unable to fathom that her usually composed son could have been responsible for such a fidgety blunder. What’s more, she couldn’t shake the memory of how he had carelessly left his belongings behind, neglecting to acknowledge the mess he had made of her outfit in the process.

Matthias, typically the epitome of cool and collected, was now evidently riddled with anxiety.

“By the heavens, Matthias!” Those were the only words that escaped her lips.



The VIP room was partitioned into two distinct areas: a reception room reserved for visitors and a separate hospital room designated for patients. Matthias traversed the corridor connecting these spaces with a measured gait, every footfall conjuring up memories of the child’s conception, growth, and eventual emergence into the world.

With newfound understanding, Matthias now comprehended the fullness of Leyla’s pregnancy. Now he knew what was going through her mind during those trying months, and how much laughter had filled their lives.

Leyla had expressed concerns over her appearance while pregnant, fretting needlessly over her beauty.

But in reality, every passing moment only served to enhance her radiance in his eyes.

Approaching the threshold of the hospital room, Matthias took a moment to collect himself before quietly crossing the threshold, his attendant trailing close behind. He had received word that both mother and child were in good health, but a tinge of trepidation gnawed at him nonetheless.

It was a feeling that often arose whenever he found himself basking in seemingly unattainable happiness. Mathhias thought to himself, What if everything is really an illusion? What if, upon awakening, he turned out to be only a man, abandoned and infatuated with a love you are unable to share?

“Ma…tthy…”

A frail voice, barely above a whisper, drifted through the door of the hospital room, jolting his out of his reverie. As his gaze flicked towards the sound, he beheld Leyla lying prone on the bed, a mere shadow of her former self, her delicate frame dwarfed by the size of the mattress.

“Matthy…”

Once again, her lips curved upwards in a quiet smile, her voice barely a whisper as she called out to him.

But even in her faintness, her smile shone like a beacon, illuminating Matthias’ reality.

For so long, he had yearned for her, drawing her smile in his mind’s eye, but it was nothing compared to the beauty of this moment, this reality.


As if drawn by an invisible force, Matthias stepped forward and enfolded Leyla in a fierce embrace. She reciprocated, her frail arms trembling as she wrapped them around him.

Their embrace seemed to stretch on for an eternity, until finally, the nurse approached them, cradling the small bundle in her arms. Reluctantly, they pulled away, but their eyes remained locked, conveying a silent understanding and a love that transcended words.

Leyla cradled the little bundle in her arms, her voice quivering as she whispered, “Isn’t she beautiful?” Her face radiated with joy, and tears threatened to spill from her eyes. With a smile that could light up the darkest of nights, “Meet our daughter, Leah.”

The baby was wriggling contentedly in her sleep, almost as if she approved her mother’s chosen name.

Matthias gazed in awe at his daughter’s locks, which were like a sun-kissed field of wheat. “Leah…” He ran his fingers through them, marveling at their silkiness and the way they seemed to glow in the dim light of the room.

The little princess Leah von Herhardt had hair precisely like her mother. They were both golden and soft, seemingly endless in their abundance.



The grave of the gardener was marked by a rose tree. Leyla personally planted the tree on his grave in the summer of the year the tomb was relocated. The tree improved in stature and beauty over the course of a year or so, reaching towards the sun and unfurling delicate shade of pink petals that shone like a beacon of hope, her most prized and beloved rose.

“Mom! It’s grandpa!” Felix exclaimed as he hovered over the grave. His voice brimming with confidence and excitement.

Leyla’s heart warmed at the sight of her son’s enthusiasm. She beamed with pride and nodded, affirming his answer.

“Felix, my little genius, you’ve done it again. You remembered grandpa’s resting place, didn’t you?”

When his mother lavished him with praise, the child confidently shouted the flower’s proper name.

“This is a rose!” With a big smile on his face, Felix hold the rose with both hands.

Felix lovingly whispered the names of all the wonders that surrounded him – the endless expanse of sky, the towering trees, the fluttering birds, and the fluffy clouds. He eagerly shared their names with his toddling sister, while Leah babbled and cooed in response. Despite her incoherent noises, Felix persisted in teaching his little sister the magic of language.

As Felix and Leah chattered like friendly birds, Leyla turned to Uncle Bill’s grave and began speaking to him. She updated him on their lives, telling him about the peculiar and endearing things the children did


at school, passing along greetings from the people of Arvis, and sharing news about Matthias. Leyla spoke of her relief in knowing that her husband was finally able to speak with a more comfortable mind.

It wasn’t until after Uncle Bill’s funeral that Matthias shared this news with Leyla. Initially left speechless, she eventually burst into tears, finally able to release some of the deep guilt and longing she felt for leaving Uncle Bill alone in the distance.

“FELIX! LEAH!”

As the sound of their names echoed through the air, Felix and Leah, inseparable siblings, turned towards their mother’s voice. Holding each other’s tiny hands tightly, they scurried towards her. With sparkling blue eyes, they gazed up at Leyla, who couldn’t help but erupt in uncontrollable laughter at the sight of their innocent faces.

Leyla had always heard people refer to her daughter as “Blonde Matthias,” a nickname that she didn’t mind because it was an undeniable truth. But despite inheriting her mother’s golden locks, little Leah was the spitting image of her father in every other way.

“Just give up, Leyla,” Elysee von Herhardt’s eyes twinkled as she spoke, her voice carrying a gentle and knowing tone. “Have you ever been overwhelmed by the abundance of portraits of the Herhardt family?”

Leyla pondered for a while and eventually unraveled the enigmatic query – the Herhardt family portraits bore a striking resemblance to Matthias and their children.

Elysee paused and gazed at her daughter-in-law with admiration. “It’s a gene that’s hard to beat,” she said with a serious tone. “Having the same hair color as you is like a victory.” As she spoke, she realized that the only thing Leyla had passed down to Leah was the color of her hair.

“Felix, Leah, let’s pay our respects to your grandfather,” Leyla said, her voice now somber as she led them towards Uncle Bill’s tombstone. As they approached, Leyla’s eyes grew heavy with emotion as she gazed upon Leah’s little white shoes.

“Grandpa, I’ll be right back.” Felix mustered up his courage and greeted his grandfather in the most respectful manner he could. The way Felix pronounced “Grandpa” with such childlike innocence was like a sweet melody that filled the air and warmed Leyla’s heart.

In time for lunch, Leyla and her children returned to the mansion. Matthias went out to attend a luncheon meeting, so there were just three duchess servings on the table.



As the last course was served, Leyla took a deep breath and summoned the courage to share her plan. “I have been contemplating the idea for a while now, and I wanted to ask if it would be possible to use the forest cabin as my laboratory?” she asked, her eyes sparkling with anticipation.


“A lab?” Casting a curious gaze towards Leyla, Norma said, “Now this could be just the place for you. With your focus on studying plants and birds, having them in such close proximity could be quite advantageous. What say you, Elysse? Do you think it’s worth considering?”

Leyla fixed her gaze on Elysee von Herhardt’s face. “What does our consent mean when it’s yours anyway? ” Elysee gave Leyla a slightly frowning glance. A scowl marred her face as she flashed a bitter smile.

“But, this Arvis is within your remit; therefore, I must ask for your approval.” Leyla’s grin was forced and her face was clearly tense. The unpleasant expression on Elysee von Herhardt’s face was matched by a smile around her lips.

“It seems that furthering your education is still part of your plan.” Norma’s keen observation led her to remark.

Caught off guard, Leyla responded hesitantly, “What? Oh… yes.”

Elysee contemplated for a moment before expressing her opinion, “Allowing your exceptional intellect to go to waste would be a travesty. Have you considered the possibility of becoming a professor at Ratz University, perhaps under the title of Duchess of Herhardt?” She continued, “In my humble opinion that would be an excellent use of your talents.”

“Professor?” The word reverberated in Leyla’s mind, leaving her taken aback. While she had always planned to pursue further education after completing her undergraduate studies, she had not yet considered any concrete objectives beyond that.

“Well, well, well, what do we have here?” she mused. “Isn’t it possible that being a professor might be a better fit for you than being a social queen?” Elysee’s playful banter stirred something within Leyla, causing her to realize that Elysee’s influence on Matthias ran deeper than just her physical appearance.

“Give it your all, my dear.” Elysee’s gaze fixed upon Leyla as she spoke in a soft tone that echoed that of her son. “The cabin is yours to do with as you please.”



“Daddy!” Felix’s exuberant voice pierced through the air as he spotted the sleek black car pulling up to the annex.

Leyla and Leah, who had been admiring the colorful blooms that lined the road, were startled by the sudden outburst and turned their heads in surprise. As the driver opened the back door, Matthias emerged, fulfilling his promise to take the children out on a boat.

Leyla quickly wiped the blades of grass from her fingers with a hastily retrieved handkerchief, while Felix bolted towards his father with unbridled enthusiasm. Not to be outdone, Leah followed closely behind, her own excitement palpable in the air.


Leyla trailed behind the group, her steps measured and deliberate as she scanned the surrounding area for any sign of danger. Her dress, a delicate confection of colored fabric, fluttered in the gentle breeze, while the lace ribbon of her straw hat danced beneath her chin. Her hair cascaded down her neck in loose waves, lending her an air of ethereal grace.

Matthias looked at them with wonder. The image of his family frolic enjoying the river in the summer was seared into his mind.

He didn’t care which of the children looked like whom; what mattered was that they were safe and happy. Looking at Leah one day, for a moment, Leyla’s words from a long-ago conversation flitted through his mind, but instead of admitting that he had shared her wish, he simply smiled to himself.

In truth, Matthias had always harbored a secret desire for a daughter who resembled Leyla. Leyla wished for it, and it was a greed that all men feel who love their wife.

But, as he held her in his arms, watching her slip into a peaceful slumber, his heart overflowed with a fierce, possessive love, he felt an entirely different kind of longing.

Yes, he was still crazy about her. – and he knew that no matter what the future held, she would always be the one and only woman for him.

Let there be just one Leyla, for she was irreplaceable. And, let him be the only man in the world to have a woman like her. Always, in the present, future, and for all time.

When the moment came as she had given herself over to slumber, he leaned in and placed a soft kiss on her forehead, then on her cheek, and her parted lips, savoring the sweetness of her skin. When he ran his fingers through her hair and caressed the bridge of her nose, a sweet smile bloom on her lips.

He was a less-than-perfect husband no matter how hard he tried, and his twisted love for her may have lasted till he reaches the bottom of his grave.

Certainly, the way he loved was twisted.

Imperfect, but it was still so, so good –

If only Leyla could be his Leyla forever.

Matthias took a step forward, his eyes fixed on the two children running towards him. Felix was in his arms again today, delivering his innocent love with a kiss on his cheek. Matthias returned his son’s kiss and gave the same love to Leah, who became his new joy.

“Matthy! You’re back sooner than I expected,”

Leyla approached, taking a few steps closer to him.

His Leyla….whose smile was the brightest and most beautiful thing in the world.


Matthias carefully handed over his wriggling son to her and cradled his daughter in his arms, stepping closer to his wife. Warm and tender kisses were shared amid their hearty mirth.

In that moment, Matthias wished for nothing more than for her love to remain unchanged. May she always be bathed in the same warm, comforting glow of love, enough to ease the painful memories of her difficult childhood and the hurts he had inflicted upon her. Now that he realized they shared the same love, albeit in a different way.

In fact, it didn’t matter for if he loved her more.

If love had a spectrum of light and shadow, Matthias was willing to stand by her side even if it meant facing the darkest shadows. Because his own happiness was in the radiance of Leyla’s light.

As he extended his hand, Leyla clasped it without hesitation, and together they strolled along the shimmering riverbank. With their daughter cradled in his arms and their son holding his mother’s hand, they were now a family of four.

As they passed beneath Leyla’s cherished tree, Matthias turned his head and gazed back at the path they had just taken. His eyes traveled through the heavenly Arvis laid before him.

The verdant forest…

the glittering river…

and the azure sky filled with soaring birds…

until they finally….came to rest upon her face…..

“Leyla…..”

Following a velvety voice that called her name, Leyla turned her head. When her eyes caught his, her smile became even more radiant.

The afternoon was awash with the beauty of an endless summer forest, shimmering and alive.





THE END
