
Chapter 86.




Child of Arvis.







The schedule was tailored to be finished within four days at the least, but Duke Herhardt was able to finish it all within three. To do that, he took on more work within shorter time frames, and even less breaks over the past few days.

Mark Evers had never felt as exhausted as he did as soon as he sunk into one of the hotel’s plush chairs as he waited in the lobby. His master was currently in a lunch meeting, which was the last of their meetings.

He glanced out of the hallways’ window, looking outside.

The Duke had received invitation after invitation from prominent businessmen and nobles located in the city. Oddly enough, he made sure to instruct them to make his time free after his schedule was done. Though it didn’t take long for Mark to figure out just what he planned doing in his free time…

Or rather, who he was planning to spend time with.

The answer always pointed back to Leyla Lewellin.

Just this morning he received summons from his master, commanding him to send a car over to Arvis with specific orders to be discrete, and bring the gardener’s foster daughter to him. He didn’t know what it was for, and Mark wouldn’t dare question his master.

It wasn’t proper after all.

The car would have reached Arvis by now, so it won’t be long until Leyla would arrive.

Mark didn’t know why he had to be discrete, and he didn’t want to assume anything. Though he wondered how long he could hide his master’s activities? He can’t help but be filled with nervous energy at how precarious his current situation was.

Bill Remmer was a force to be reckoned with, and Mark was intimidated by him, but he doubts the gardener knew what his foster daughter had been up to. The same could be said for his mistresses, the Duchesses Norma and Elysee, along with the soon-to-be-duchess, Lady Brandt.

The recent events were nerve-wracking!


What should he do if they were to be found out? What should he say? Was he even supposed to say anything?!

It didn’t even seem like his master was at all concerned about being found out though. He might have been told to be discreet, but overall he had been calm and relaxed when giving the order. What had Leyla gotten herself into?

Mark knew this thing happened all the time, but it was a different thing knowing about it, and becoming unintentionally involved because of employment. Additionally, this was Matthias von Herhardt he was talking about!

He had been the perfect gentleman all this time and now Mark was seeing a growing scandal in his master’s clean slate! He’d known him long enough to believe he had nothing to worry about on his master’s behalf, but now he was utterly so!

Mark couldn’t help but chuckle to himself softly in despair. What a predicament he’d entered. He leaned his head back to rest against the back of the chair as he looked up at the ceiling.

His master would be fine, Mark was sure. But the one who would take the brunt of the scandal, should it be revealed was Leyla. If his master was planning on exposing themselves, what did he plan to do with Leyla?

Mark pushed himself forward, and hunched in on himself, his elbows resting on his knees as he stared at the ornate pillars around him, and the marble sculptures being displayed. His gaze landed on a green patch in the garden.

In the flowerpot, fresh green leaves bloomed beautifully, despite it being in the middle of winter.

Bill was just around his father’s age too. They aren’t really close, so to speak, but he was well aware most of the servants employed were in good standing with the man. He was in no doubt the same could be said about Leyla.

After all, among them servants, she was dubbed as the beloved child of Arvis.

A little too grand for a mere orphan who ended up being raised by their well-respected gardener, but it wasn’t like anyone minded. Never mind, Leyla wasn’t the only child who grew up among their community. There were plenty others.

But no other servant’s children were as highly regarded as they were with Leyla.

They grew up together, raced and played in the muds of the garden and forests; bathed in the river and ran through the fields of Arvis together. She was beautiful though, Mark could faintly admit. He sometimes thought of her as a fairy whenever they’d run into each other as children.

He vaguely remembered wondering if she found happiness in the prospect of marrying Kyle? Would she be happy living as his wife? But then things went wrong, and their engagement broke off.

He remembered voicing his thoughts on the matter with Hessen.

“Choose your words carefully, Evers,” Hessen had softly warned him back then, “It is not in our place to hold judgment over their actions.”

And Mark never brought it up again.

Shortly after, he was appointed as the Duke’s attendant, by courtesy of Hessen’s recommendation. But when he met with his superior, Mark knew what Hessen really meant, and why he was placed as the master’s latest attendant.

“Do nothing but your task, Evers.” Hessen had reminded him once more, “Nothing more, nothing less.” The ominous warning rang through his head, and he’d kept it to heart even to this day.

Did Hessen know? Was this what he meant when he implored Mark to not ask questions?

Suddenly, the group of men he had been waiting for entered the lobby, and Mark immediately stood in attention and walked over dutifully to the Duke’s side. The last meeting was finally done for the day.

Mark could tell his master was also feeling quite fatigued, despite his cool and calm demeanor. Matthias turned to him, quirking up a brow, wordlessly asking for an update about his task.

“I sent for Miss Lewellin just before lunch had begun, master.” He quietly informed. “I expect them to arrive around tea time.”

Matthias gave him a terse nod. Mark thought he saw some color return to his master’s cheeks, but he wasn’t too sure.

“I’ll send her up to meet you in private as soon as they arrive, master.” Mark quickly added, “Why don’t you take this time to rest your feet as we wait?” he calmly suggested.

Matthias swiftly bid his companions goodbye, before nodding back to answer Mark’s question. “Send her up to my room, where I’ll be waiting for her then.” he ordered, to which Mark bowed to him in acceptance.

“As you wish, master.”

He must have been more tired than usual because of how hectic the last three days had been, yet Matthias remained tall and proud as they returned back to their place. Mark couldn’t help but feel a little bit ashamed at thinking badly about his master.

Perhaps this wasn’t anything but a casual meeting between acquaintances?

This was Duke Herhardt and Leyla he was talking about after all. They were both respectable people in their own fields, they couldn’t be doing that. It was downright insulting to even entertain thoughts about their perceived infidelity!


“Oh, that’s right, Evers.” the Duke interrupted his thoughts, bringing Mark back to reality as he hurried closer to his master’s side, “I have one more request for you.”








Leyla’s eyes had turned cold as she looked outside the window as soon as the car rolled to a stop. She expected something would happen with the Duke when he returned, she just didn’t expect him to send over for her.

The chauffeur had come with instructions from Mark Evers to bring her over as soon as possible. And so when all was set, he drove as fast as he could to return without garnering any attention from the onlookers as he delivered his cargo…

And that cargo was Leyla.

When he first arrived, Leyla was ready to get into an argument, and even refused a couple of times to go with him. Unfortunately, he also came bearing a letter from the Duke, which left her with no choice but to comply in the end.

What neither Mark Evers, nor the driver knew, were the contents of the letter, and how it convinced Leyla to go along.

The chauffeur had been curious initially, but that curiosity soon went away as he rushed through traffic on the road back to Carlsbar. He didn’t know how soon was “too soon”. The attendant never specified.

Mark waited anxiously for their arrival, wondering why they took so long to return. When he finally saw the car rolling in, he hurriedly met them at the bottom of the steps. The chauffeur immediately got out of the car.

“Mr. Crook, I was getting a little worried because you were running late!” Mark exclaimed, “Where’s Leyla?” he asked right after. The chauffeur only bowed to him in apology.

“I’m so sorry Mr. Evers.” he then opened the door, to reveal Leyla in the back seat.

Leyla had been amazed by the extravagant sight in front of her, quickly thanking the chauffeur for opening the door before she resumed sight-seeing.

Mark on the other hand, felt flabbergasted by the sight of Leyla.

She was dressed poorly! He couldn’t help but internally scream aghast at her state of dress!


First off, it was winter, hence it would be colder than usual. So what wasn’t she in a coat? Instead, she only has a small, flimsy shawl wrapped around her shoulders! And the apron, don’t even get Mark started on the apron. It was visibly dirty, having dark stains across its yellowed white fabric!

It seemed even the driver was embarrassed at how poorly she was dressed, to meet with their master as he avoided the attendant’s gaze.

“Miss Lewellin…” Mark trailed off, unable to voice his disbelief. Leyla seemed unbothered by her clothes as she finally looked at Mark with a steely gaze.

“So this is the place he wants me to be in?” she asked Mark, who was still too stunned to speak, “Am I even allowed to enter the premises?”

Mark had to reluctantly give her an affirmation, still worrying about her clothes.

“Well, then, what are we waiting for?” Leyla asked no one in particular and just began to walk towards the entrance. Mark almost cried in despair as he hurried after her.

“Wait, Miss Lewellin!” he urgently exclaimed, wincing when his cry garnered the attention of the doorman, who also looked flabbergasted by the state of Leyla’s clothes.

Mark wasted no time in removing his long coat, and hurriedly draped it over Leyla’s clothes. It wasn’t that Leyla didn’t look like she could be royalty, it’s just that she wasn’t dressed at all appropriately to enter the premises.

He thought she would have at least changed out of her work clothes before coming over, it was only proper. But at least, wrapped up in his long coat, she at least looked a little more respectable with it on.

The doorman at least had a little decency to say nothing about what he’d seen, and allowed them to enter, before giving Mark a questioning stare. Mark only bowed apologetically before rushing to lead the girl up to his master’s room.

Leyla was nervous about being in such a high societal place, but she couldn’t back down from Matthias.

Mark proceeded to expertly dodge the crowds, carefully making twists and turns in a way that hid Leyla from the view of any passerby, and made sure to cover her face with some of the attention she caught.

In no time at all, they reached the Duke’s hotel room.

Mark Evers straightened up, and knocked on his master’s room.

“Master, we have arrived.” He called out softly. He listened in on the door, lightly pressing his ears against it, and heard a faint murmur coming from inside. “Master?” he called out once again, a little more loudly, but enough to not disturb any nearby tenants.

“Come in.” His master’s voice sounded through the door. Mark straightened up, and took his copy of his master’s door key and let themselves inside the room.


Upon their entry, they saw Matthias lying haphazardly on the couch, with his eyes shut, before he opened them to look at his new guest. Mark could tell he was still a little drowsy from his sleep.

With a sigh, Matthias then sat up on the couch, before he swept a hand from his face, and up to his hair, trying to rub the sleep off his face. When he looked up, he locked eyes almost immediately with Leyla.

He frowned upon seeing another man’s coat wrapped around her.

Mark’s eyes darted nervously back and forth from his master, and then to Leyla. He could tell there was some tension between them, and he could also tell he didn’t want to be anywhere near them when it blew up.

With a gulp, Mark bowed to Matthias in an attempt to excuse himself. After all, he’s done his task, Hessen told him to do nothing more than what was being asked of him. He could finally leave right?

“I shall leave you alone now, master.” he politely informed, before slowly backing up and turned to leave the room.

“Oh, Mr. Evers!” Leyla called out, halting him from his retreat. Mark reluctantly turned back around, just in time to see Leyla removing the coat around her, and handing it back to him with a smile. “Thank you for this.” she said to him.

Mark blinked back as he internally screamed. He tried so hard to keep her presentable for his master.

But the Duke has seen it now, there was no point in keeping up with further pretenses.

“You’re welcome, Miss Lewellin.” Mark replied with a stiff smile, before successfully leaving them both to their own devices to escape the thick tension in the room.

As soon as they were alone, Leyla reluctantly turned around to face Matthias, who was still looking at her with a deepening frown. She felt blood rush to her cheeks in embarrassment, and clasped her hands in front of her.

“Forgive me for my clothes, but you said to come immediately.” she haughtily excused, refusing to appear nervous in front of him. Unfortunately, she couldn’t hide the way her hands shook under his gaze.

Matthias took a deep breath as he leaned back on the sofa. He placed a hand beneath his chin as he continued to look at her.

Aside from the less than presentable clothes she had on, her hair was also wrapped in a loose braid. There were even a few strands that managed to escape its hold. And her apron, well, it hardly matched the cleanliness of her current surroundings.

His eyes trailed down, and saw the creases on the bottom of her brown dress. Further down, on her feet she wore loose woolen socks, sagging around her ankles, and stained leather shoes. He couldn’t help but chuckle in amusement over her poor state of dress.

Leyla winced at the sound of his laughter.

Matthias languidly got up from the couch, and stood on unsteady feet as he walked towards her. Even in his less than perfect gait, Leyla couldn’t help but freeze in intimidation.

“You never really fail to surprise me Leyla,” he told her in a husky voice as he stopped just a step away from her, “That’s what I like about you.”

He could clearly see the fire in her eyes as she stared up at him. Her face was less pretty with a frown on, but he still found himself pleased to see her.

“You think this is funny?!” Leyla hissed at him, and Matthias shrugged before humming in agreement. She wasted no time in throwing the letter he sent her in his face. Matthias scooted away in immediate response, and watched the letter fall onto the floor.

“Now, now Leyla,” Matthias tutted, “How could I not find you fun? You’re so pretty all riled up, after all.” he teased. Leyla scoffed at him, her body now shaking with brimming rage at him!

How dare he smile as if it was nothing!? She wanted to swipe that smirk off his face permanently!

Matthias then moved forward to touch her when she slapped his hand away!

“Don’t you dare touch me!” she exclaimed, stepping away from him as she looked up at him with tears in the corner of her eyes. She had been shocked at how she managed to do that, but she couldn’t let that stop her.

“How can you stand there smiling at me as if it was nothing!?” she asked him, “As if your threat was nothing but a joke to you!?”

Matthias blinked at that, before looking down at the crumpled letter on the floor. He frowned, before looking back at Leyla.

“What threat are you talking about?”

Leyla barked out a laugh hysterically.

“What do you mean ‘what threat’?” she asked him incredulously, “Those threats you made in that letter!”

Matthias could only stand in front of her as he stared at her raging form.


Chapter 87.




The Rule Between Us.







They both stood in front of the other, Leyla in shaking rage, while Matthias was calmly regarding her, before his posture relaxed. He put a hand in his pocket before brushing his hair up his forehead as he remembered the letter’s contents.

“Oh, you mean that.” he finally said, breaking the silence between them. He let out a sigh, before giving Leyla an amused smirk, cupping her cheek with his free hand, and gripping it tight when she tried to brush him off once again. “It wasn’t even a threat.” he lightly informed her.

Leyla’s eyes widened in incredulity before she scoffed up at him.

“If that wasn’t a threat then how should I have taken it?!”

Matthias shrugged at her.

“Maybe advice?” he calmly suggested, “Or maybe a reminder?” he hummed in thought. Leyla only laughed partially in hysterics and disbelief at his audacity.

She had been in a great mood these past few days, being away from him and his presence. Even the day had started out beautiful with their clear blue skies, with a warmer temperature in the middle of winter.

So she had gone on with her business, enjoying her time away from any problems, a time she hadn’t had much these past weeks with her being at the beck and call of the Duke. She didn’t even receive as much of a note when he left so abruptly after the Crown Prince’s visit.

And all of a sudden, it didn’t seem far-fetched for her to think that their time was coming to an end! Life was finally beginning to return to her usual peaceful days.

She went out to pick some excellent dried sagebrush, and had gone to bake herself some fresh bread. Right after baking and eating, she had decided to clean her stove, airing out the kitchen as the smell of bread wafted out and about the cabin’s kitchen.

All in all, her day had been going great!

Up until the time the inconspicuous car rolled in front of her cabin, sending alarm bells ringing in her head when she recognized the Duke’s chauffeur stepping out, and headed for her front door. What else could he be here for, away from the Duke, if it wasn’t for her?


She tried blinking back his existence to her imagination, and might have pinched herself in the process. But he was real, and he was in front of her cabin. Hurriedly she answered the door, confirming the dreaded feeling in her gut what this all was for.

“Good day, Miss Lewellin,” the chauffeur had greeted her when she came to the door, “I’d like to inform you that the Duke has requested your presence at the earliest time possible.”

“What?”

“You can prepare yourself for a while, but I’m afraid we are in a bit of a hurry.” the chauffeur told her kindly, but Leyla’s heart was thundering in her chest.

“Where did he want to see me?” she quickly demanded, narrowing her eyes at the chauffeur, who blinked at her in shock.

“I’m to take you to the city, that’s where he’ll be waiting for you. It’s why he sent me here to get you.” he supplied helpfully, which immediately got Leyla to shake her head.

“No,” she whispered, before finding her voice again, “No! I refuse to go there!” she exclaimed. “I’m not going anywhere with you!”

The chauffeur regarded her carefully, before he gently pulled out a sealed note from within his breast pocket, and gave it to her as an offering.

“I’ve been given instructions to give this to you as well Miss Lewellin.” he told her as she accepted the envelope. Leyla quickly unsealed the letter, glancing through the contents at incredible pace.

His message was clear to her. He was asking her, no, he was demanding her to remember why she’s in this predicament in the first place.

Do it for Mr. Remmer.

An overwhelming sense of rage and humiliation came over her, neatly tucking the note back in the envelope before it crumpled in her shaking grip. He was treating her like nothing more than a toy, demanding her to do things according to his wishes, to go places he ordered her to go without further ado!

It was supposed to be a relationship between just the two of them, but it seemed like he had no qualms revealing it to others after all. She never expected him to disregard her feelings as if they did not even matter.

And it hurt her.

She didn’t want to go. She wanted to defy him, and make him wait for nothing! Except…

Do it for Mr. Remmer.


She was left with no choice but to do it. For her uncle’s sake, she will have to come to him, no matter how humiliated she was feeling right now. And that’s why she moved, with no further ado, she got in the car despite the chauffeur questioning her appearance.

She thought it was better for him to see him in such a measly manner. He’d bore of her quicker once he’s reminded just how different and below she was of him. It’s her last act of pride before she’d be fed to the lion for slaughter.

Though she couldn’t help but think of him cackling in amusement at her pathetic state too, and that made beads of sweat roll down her back.

“Shouldn’t a noble man like you be knowledgeable of things such as honor, dignity and common decency?!” she spewed at him, “How callous can you be?! Using Uncle Bill like that against me!?”

Still, Matthias seemed to be unbothered by her ire, and it stung her.

“I know if I didn’t remind you, you wouldn’t have gotten in that car and come to me.” Matthias explained coolly, still looking at her in that soft, unfamiliar gaze in his cerulean eyes. “It wasn’t meant to be a threat, Leyla. It never was.”

“Oh, forgive me for jumping to conclusions! How very gentlemanly of you to remind me!” she replied sarcastically. Matthias only chuckled in amusement at her, and gave her a once over.

“Well, you’re looking quite the exceptional Lady right now, my mistress.” he smirked at her, “So it’s only proper I become the perfect gentleman for you.” he said in the low baritone, sending shivers up her spine at how husky he sounded.

‘I should stomp on his foot to make a point!’ Leyla thought belatedly to herself.

She held his wrists tightly with both hands, resolute in glaring at him straight in the eye, until a knock resounded in the room. Fear seized Leyla’s heart as she immediately thought to hide from the incoming guest, yet Matthias had no such qualms.

“Come in.” He invited coolly, ignoring Leyla’s look of panic, and casually sat back down on the sofa. Not a moment later, a maid swung the door open, pushing into the room a food-filled tray cart. Leyla immediately scooted towards the windows to retreat further into herself.

Her movement caught the maid’s attention, who seemed to flush in embarrassment at her dirty state. Fortunately, she made no comment, and continued to set out their food in a timely and efficient manner.

When she was done, she excused herself right away, smiling gently as she bowed respectfully at them, leaving them alone once more. Leyla couldn’t help but scoot closer to Matthias after the maid had gone away.

“What’s this for?” she couldn’t help but ask him.


On the table, there was food set. It had warm tea, along with an array of delicious food, that could be enough for two people to share. Matthias only gestured at the table.

“What else do you think?” he asked her in faint amusement, mixed with a little teasing. He caught sight of the single piece of cake he had ordered Mark to add. It had a pink cream filling, and elaborately designed with pink and white icings.

Mark Evers was getting more efficient in his job. He did well today.

Matthias went to grab the plate, and held it out for Leyla to take.

“This one is for you.” he told her plainly, making Leyla grab it dumbly, “Make sure to eat it this time.” he ordered her before he laid back down on the sofa.

“What are you doing?” Leyla wondered in confusion as she watched him throw an arm over his eyes as he settled on the sofa.

“Wake me up in two hours.” he ordered her, while Leyla could only continue to watch him.

“What?”

When she received no reply, she put the cake down on the table and got around the sofa to hover over him.

“What are you doing right now?!” she hissed at him in confusion. Matthias only hummed in reply, content in letting her go unanswered, but she hovered persistently over him.

“Well, seeing as you’re my beautiful Lady right now, I should only treat you like one.” He answered plainly, still keeping his eyes closed in an attempt to catch up on some much needed rest.

“I don’t even want to be your lady!”

“It’s a nice thought though, wouldn’t you agree?”

“You’re not making any sense!” Leyla complained, “What are you talking about?!”

“Well, if you’re so adamant on not being my Lady, then I shouldn’t have to act like your gentleman either.” he told her in a drowsy manner, “Isn’t that the unspoken rule between us?” he finally opened up an eye to stare up at her.

Leyla felt her body freezing in response despite his vulnerable position. How could he have this much power over her?

“You’re staying rather suspiciously over there,” Matthias commented lightly, “Planning to kill me while I sleep?” he inquired. Leyla only frowned down at him as she took a deep breath.

“I’m thinking about it.” she glared at him haughtily.


“Well, make sure you succeed then.” He softly challenged, “Because once you fail, it’s my turn next.” He gave her a miniscule grin, before shutting his eyes closed once more, finally falling into a world of sleep, with the warm afternoon glow basking them both in its fading light.

Leyla could only stand there in hopelessness as she watched him drift into sleep. She could never understand him, not his words, nor the actions he’d done. He was beyond her comprehension. He was the one who invited her over, even reminded her why she had to come.

And now he sets out a table filled with her favorite food, and falls asleep.

She half expected this to be just another ploy to get her to lower her defenses, but it seemed like he really was asleep by the way his breathing slowed down to a rhythmic sound.

He really was an unbelievable person.



Claudine had spent the time alone with her maid embroidering. Something about the measured movements gave her a sense of calm despite how stormy her thoughts had become lately. Her movements then stilled, as a new thought came to mind.

“I’ve decided I want to go see Leyla after all, Mary.” she calmly told her aide, whose eyes widened in surprise at her mistress’ words. Claudine had then set aside her embroidery as she demurely laid her hands over her lap, to listen to Mary’s thoughts on her decision.

“But what for, my Lady?” Mary inquired worriedly, “Has she done something again?” Claudine just smiled at her and shook her head.

“No, she hadn’t done anything,” she patted her aide’s hand to calm her down, “I just want to invite her over to apologize.” she said in a warm voice, but her eyes held an icy look.

The thought just wouldn’t let her be.

The Duke had outwardly embarrassed her, just because she had Leyla be temporarily employed as her aide. The others might not have seen it that way, but Claudine could tell he wanted to humiliate her. And now, despite the outward pleasantries they showcased around other people, he was mostly indifferent to her.

If Matthias would really bore of her soon, he wouldn’t have gone to such lengths. Which made her believe he did in fact, figured out his growing attachment to the girl.

“Do invite her over for some tea with me here.” She smiled at Mary. “I would like to properly apologize for that last incident.”

“But my Lady, I’ve already apologized! You don’t have to lower yourself for her-” Claudine held a hand up to silence her aide.


“Do understand me,” she held her aide’s hands in hers, “Do this for me, please?” she stared at Mary imploringly.

Mary searched her mistress’ eyes for an unspoken meaning, before she finally understood her mistress’ wishes. Mary shut her protests down firmly and bowed respectfully at her Lady.

“If you wish it so, my Lady.” she solemnly promised, before dismissing herself to quickly do her task.

Claudine smiled to herself at seeing her servant’s retreating back, before resuming in her stitching.

Matthias might be difficult to read, but Leyla was the easiest. She wore her expressions as plain as day, which is why so many are so entranced with her. She was absolutely transparent. She was looking forward to seeing her again.

Upon her servant’s arrival, Claudine paused, and set her stitching aside once more, looking for Leyla.

Mary looked at her apologetically.

“I’m sorry to have failed in bringing her, my Lady,” Mary began as she bowed to her, “But it seems Miss Lewellin is away.” Claudine looked rather shocked by that piece of information.

“Oh?”

“I’ve stood outside her cabin and knocked multiple times when I couldn’t get an answer.” Mary nodded immediately, “I even went around the back, thinking I could see her outside, but it seemed like the cabin was empty.”

Mary looked up nervously towards her mistress, whose face turned dark momentarily before she gave Mary an understanding smile.

“Well, it seems like she really is away for the moment.” Claudine sighed, and leaned back on her chair, tapping her fingers on the arm rest. “Perhaps you can try some time later, see if she’s back by then and invite her over.”

“My Lady, must you really see her today?”

“Yes.” The reply came colder than expected, before Claudine smiled at her stiffly, “Yes. I will see her tonight if I have to.” she replied calmer this time.

Unbidden thoughts came to mind at the implications of Leyla being away. But if she wasn’t to return even if the night fell upon them, then she didn’t know what else to think.

‘Matthias couldn’t be so brazen. He wouldn’t!’ Claudine hissed to herself as her grip on the armrest tightened.








Sometime in the middle of her thinking, Leyla had fallen right asleep after the Duke had. When her eyes snapped open, the room had gone completely dark. She was certain it had been way past the two hour mark the Duke told her to wake him in.

She carefully got up from the seat across the Duke, and tiptoed towards the lamp. She hesitated for a moment, before turning the lamp on, wincing when light flooded into her eyes.

She blinked as her eyes adjusted to the brightness before her eyes fell on the Duke, still sound asleep, even as the light blanketed him in its soft glow. He was still in the same position he’d been when she last saw him.

She couldn’t help but wonder if she should wake him up now?

She quickly glanced at the wall clock in the room, before quietly returning to the seat she had slept in. Waiting around for him to wake up made her restless. But she also didn’t want to disturb the tranquility she felt around this quiet time she gained.

Quietly, she removed the apron around her waist, folding it neatly on an empty surface, before looking around. She rubbed her arms as she hugged herself, feeling the biting cold seeping into her frame.

Her eyes were drawn back to the food-filled table, the tea having gone cold so long ago.

She refused to eat it in a foolish act of defiance, now all the food prepared had gone cold. Her eyes then glanced at the single piece of cake he specifically set out for her, making her heart skip a beat as she stared at it.

Suddenly, her stomach rumbled, making her remember that breakfast was the last thing she ate before being whisked away to the central city. She could just as well go out and eat something to warm her up, but she had left without much thought but to come here so she had no money.

She was also unfamiliar with the area, so that idea was terrible from the start.

But she also didn’t want to stay waiting for him to wake up.

She thought about why he specifically asked her to wake him up in two hours. What was he planning to do in two hours? Suddenly, she found herself in a predicament, but decided not to pay much attention to it.

Why should she care what he was planning about? He wouldn’t even bother thinking about her own plans, and just kept making her life miserable! If she worried about him too, she’d just drive herself insane.

Her stomach grumbled again, finally making her give in to eating the cake. It would be a good compromise, now that she thought about it. It might have been from the Duke, but eating it would keep her mind off him.


However, keeping an eye on him as she ate also seemed a little counter productive. She licked the cream off her lips, as well as the fork, before setting the half-eaten cake back on the table, when the Duke finally tossed in his sleep, making her freeze.

She waited in bated breaths, before sighing softly in relief when his eyes resolutely remained closed. She dropped her hands unthinkingly, before she hit the fork by the edge of the table, making it fall on the floor with a soft thud.

She cursed herself softly for her carelessness before kneeling down in front of the Duke to pick up the fallen utensil without a second thought. Belatedly, she thought about how pitiful she looked right now and glanced back at the Duke’s sleeping face in panic!

As if sensing her presence, Matthias’ eyes suddenly fluttered open making Leyla freeze just when she was about to grab the fork.

Matthias woke up a little unfocused. He could see Leyla right in front of him, but with the lamp behind her, he could faintly see her in the dark. Why was it so dark? He belatedly discovered night had fallen between them.

His eyes narrowed at wondering why he wasn’t woken up earlier.

His immediate response was to grab onto Leyla’s wrist, who immediately squealed in fright as she struggled to stand up, grabbing onto the fork as she tried to get away from him! The fork glinted harshly in Matthias’ eyes, before falling back on the floor once more.

Matthias refused to get up though, opting instead to hold Leyla down as he regarded her critically. Leyla felt flushed with his eyes upon her, feeling as though she was a child whose parents caught her hand in the cookie jar.

She began to avoid his gaze.

There was that amused glint in his eyes once more as he stared at her. Her flush deepened in embarrassment. All she does is bring him more amusement!

She struggled to rip her hand off his grasp, but Matthias gave her a strong tug, making her stumble on top of him, her body sprawling over his prone form. He wasted no time in wrapping his arms around her, sighing contentedly in her ear.

She squirmed on top of him, her body writhing on him in a futile attempt to get away, but he held onto her tighter. He twisted them around, before Leyla found herself on her back against the sofa, trapped beneath Matthias’ broad body.

She looked up, ready to give him more pieces of her mind, when she fell speechless with his intense look on her. She struggled to avert her eyes, but it proved to be difficult, when she just kept getting hypnotized in the blue pools of his gaze.


Chapter 88.




Princess.







How was it that this man could always invoke so many feelings inside her?

How was it, that his mere presence was enough for her walls to crumble, and let loose those feelings she so desperately tried to keep out of her heart?

Suddenly, Leyla could feel that overwhelming urge to cry. She didn’t want to have to speak first, to break this silence between them. Just thinking at how scared she’d acted right in front of him made her heart ache in humiliation.

And yet Matthias could see straight through her, pry open her heart and see what she was trying to hide.

His eyes landed on the fallen fork, noticing the icing smeared on its surface, before his eyes darted up to the half eaten cake on the table. He barked out a laugh.

He had been wondering why she had a fork in hand when he woke up. She must have finally decided to eat the cake he had ordered to be prepared for her. And just like that, all his suspicions on her disappeared, and his heart felt infinitely better having his worries laid aside.

These past few days without her was maddening. He couldn’t stop thinking about her, how she was, what she was doing. Day in and day out, his thoughts were filled with her. That’s why he pushed through the meetings, took little rest, just to free up some time to be with her.

He would do anything, as well as buy things she liked, just to keep her beside him. And seeing her eat something he specifically had for her filled him with an unfamiliar satisfaction. So instead of questioning her why she hadn’t woken him up when he told her to, he pulled her to him in a kiss.

He could still taste the cake in her mouth, and though he generally disliked sweets, it tasted like heaven.

He hadn’t planned so far ahead what he wanted to do once she arrived. He just wanted to be with her. He wanted to do mundane things with her for a change, like go out for walks. Or maybe they could even dine together in a beautiful restaurant, and then drink tea to soothe their stomachs.

He found it ridiculous to have to go through the trouble of bringing her here, when he doesn’t even have a proper plan for her. But he opted out of questioning her thoughts about that, for now, he wants to focus on her…

To drown in the feel and taste of her against his tongue.

The kiss between the two deepened as Matthias’ arms pulled her further up, settling her more comfortably against him.

As his arms wrapped around her body tight, he could feel something settling deep inside him. Like all his time feeling nothing as she was apart from him finally made sense. He wanted nothing more than just to stay like this, with just her.

Because Leyla wasn’t just anyone for him, and she was all he could ever want.

She was his. His little bird.

Finally, he pulled away from her, Leyla gasping as he released her lips. Their chests heaved in tandem as they grappled for air. He could see the flush on her cheeks deepening, making her all the more adorable in his eyes…

He couldn’t help but laugh in unbridled joy at the sight of her.

‘Why is he laughing?’ Leyla couldn’t help but wonder in bewilderment. She was currently anxious and nervous about what he was doing, but she kept her eyes shut, afraid of what she’d see. All she wanted was for everything to be over quickly.

But she was also intrigued.

He wasn’t acting like his usual self. Normally he would have stripped her off their clothes, and they would do their dance beneath the sheets, but he wasn’t doing that now. Instead, he just kept planting soft kisses all over her face. He would leave sporadic pecks on her cheeks, the tip of her nose, but nothing more.

His hands never wandered away from her waist.

He turned her head to the side slightly, leaving a muted kiss on the back of her ear, making her look at him in fright as the contact sent tingling shivers through her body. Their ragged breathing matched each other, and he was still looking at her in that intense gaze of his.

“Don’t do that.” she whispered pleadingly, her palms splayed on his chest as she tried to push him away. “Stop being weird and just do what you always do.” she demanded him, looking up at him with complete confusion and terror.

He was doing things to her, things she couldn’t understand. And it frightened her more than usual.

Matthias’ movements stilled, before he regarded her carefully. He stared into her eyes, and he could see she was begging him to go back to how things were between them. After a tense moment of silence between them, Matthias gave her a nip in the ears, making her cry out in painful pleasure…


Soon the world faded around them, as nothing but their ragged breaths surrounding them in the darkness.








Claudine lied in the guest bedroom, eyes staring resolutely on the ceiling right above her head as she rested on the bed. Memories from when she had been thirteen years old, barely into her teens, came flooding vividly in her mind.

It had been summer when it had been decided she would be the next Duchess of Arvis, Duchess Herhardt.

It wasn’t their first time visiting the mansion in Arvis. It wasn’t the first time she was meeting with the Herhardts either, but her mother made quite a fuss on her looks, making sure she would be absolutely perfect when she would arrive.

“You’re not a child anymore Claudine,” Her mother admonished her as she harshly brushed the strands off of Claudine’s face back then, “From now on, you must be the perfect lady, do you understand?” she asked, after another harsh tug on her scalp, brushing away stubborn tangles.

They had gotten ready with the help of their aides, and rode the carriage without further delay. Her mother’s grip on her tiny shoulders had been tight. Claudine could’ve sworn her nails would have dug deeply into her skin if only her mother wasn’t so concerned how messy she would be if she bled.

As they grew closer to Arvis, the tighter her mother held onto her. Claudine had looked up at her mother in worry, and saw her mother’s eyes glinted with unshed tears.

A few days prior to their visit, her mother gave her a crash course on what it really meant to become society’s lady.

Claudine knew she was young, too young to fully understand how heavy the responsibility would weigh on her shoulders, but she was no idiot. She could infer it from the way her mother talked, how harshly she’d scold her from time to time, instilling painful yet memorable lessons as she lived her day to day.

It was her quick wit that made her understand that a match with Matthias was inevitable between them.

“Does that mean that Matthias and I will be wed soon?” she asked her mother after one of her lessons. It was her first week in Arvis, and out of the blue, she couldn’t help but question her mother about it while they were in a communal space.


Countess Brandt grew embarrassed by her daughter’s brazen inquiry and gracefully grabbed Claudine tightly by her arms, discretely dragging her to their rooms. Once the door shut behind her mother, she shook Claudine by the shoulders, forcing the little girl to look up at her.

“It is what we have agreed upon, but you should also make sure you accept this engagement, do you understand me Claudine?” her mother quietly hissed at her, “Once you do this, you will show all those other girls you’re the best candidate for the job! Nothing less than perfect, and they won’t think twice about choosing you to be the Duchess of Arvis!”

Claudine remembered pouting at her mother’s implication.

“But I’m already the smartest girl amongst my friends, mother.” She reasoned out, “Even my teachers keep telling me that. I’m so observant I never miss anything!” She proclaimed rather proudly back in the day, “I even mastered all the dances they taught and all the etiquette they made us remember.”

“Yes, yes, I get that, but that’s not what’s important here Claudine!” her mother interrupted, quickly making the proud smile on little Claudine’s face fall, “What you must focus on from now on, aside from being the best, is to get along with Matthias. You hear me, child? That’s the most important thing here.”

Little Claudine felt self-conscious. Had she been prioritizing wrong this whole time? If Claudine could go back, she would have quickly shut those self doubts quickly. It wasn’t that she was doing the wrong thing. She was just born a woman.

And so Claudine resolved to build a better relationship with Matthias, to allow their marriage to pass by smoothly when the time came. But unlike the other boys she had managed to tame, Matthias was different.

Firstly, he was already the Duke, and at such a young age. Every girl that wasn’t her coveted him, and so badly they did. But it wasn’t like she hated Matthias. She didn’t.

In fact, her first impression of him was that he was handsome and a wonderful boy. She likened him as the Herhardt’s crown jewel, more valuable than any works of art the Herhardt house possessed.

But she found it difficult to imagine being happy around him.

Matthias was on the cusp of adulthood back then, never mind they were close in age. Still, whenever he’d look at her, she couldn’t help but feel inadequate in his presence. And Matthias had always been different from the other boys.

He might have treated her respectfully, but she was always invisible in his eyes. And she didn’t like that.

It didn’t help that her mother was expecting her to be the best Lady in all of Berg. The responsibilities just grew on Claudine. She no longer wanted to be the best, instead, she needed to be the best.

“Show everyone that only you, Count Brandt’s sole daughter, is the best! And make those people forget about your father’s sons!”


Her mother might be Count Brandt’s wife, but she wasn’t the only woman to give him a child. In fact, they bore him sons, while her mother was shamed for bearing a daughter.

“If I’m to become the Duchess of Arvis, does that mean I’ll be the most powerful woman in the Empire?” she thought curiously.

There was a proud glint in her mother’s eye at her question.

“Without a doubt, my child. You’ll be part of the Empire’s elite families. No one will ever think nothing but the best of you!”

“And all this, this will be mine?” she asked meekly, and her mother nodded excitedly.

“Yes! Yes, all of Arvis will be yours!”

Present day Claudine got up from her bed, and she looked out the window in deep thought. In front of her were rows and rows of freshly trimmed bushes, and perfectly preserved colorful flowers blooming as the vast estate stretched far and wide in front of her…

She had been in this very same position at thirteen.

“I like Arvis!” little Claudine beamed at her mother, “I’ll do it mother, don’t worry!”

And so her mother praised her for being the best girl, and Claudine had learned to perfect her poses and responses for the crowd to see, and for people to judge. And the days just keep closer until that dream would soon turn into a reality.

Her reality, no one else’s.

So how dare her fiance do this to her?!

Unable to sleep, Claudine grabbed her sleep robes, wrapped them around her small frame and began to pace around the bedroom.

After Mary had returned a second time today to invite the peasant girl over, she still returned to the mansion alone. At this point, Claudine could safely say that Matthias had gone crazy about the girl!

His recent actions further proved her correct!

Just the thought of them together made her seethe. He probably sent for her, Leyla, and brought her to where he was staying.

She probably wouldn’t be very bothered if it had been anyone else, perhaps a lowly court lady or anyone with a more respectable birth, but to replace her, Claudine von Brandt, with an orphaned girl?!

‘How dare he humiliate me like this?!’ Claudine seethed in her mind.


But there was nothing she could do against him. As long as he favored that girl as his mistress, she would have to endure it. It was annoying, sure, but it wouldn’t be like she couldn’t tolerate it. She doesn’t want to earn Matthias’ love. She wanted his status.

So long as she secured her position as his wife, and the mother of his heir, she would let them tumble in their sheets no matter how long. She knew Matthias felt the same way about her. He could care less about what she does.

But the foreboding sense of danger refused to leave Claudine. There was a threat to her, and she couldn’t stand by idly and watch it wreck her ambitions.

Dawn broke through the skies, chasing the darkness as the sun slowly woke to a rise. Another memory came to Claudine’s mind.

Matthias was looking a little suspicious at the last dinner party held in Arvis, the dinner they held to commemorate the Crown Prince’s visit with them. He was acting rather differently, and when she looked at him…

He was staring at her like he was seeing her for the first time, making her uneasy.

He had never been affectionate with her, aside from when there were other people around. But he also never looked at her like that. And all of a sudden, she feared he would break off the engagement.

She feared he’d abandon her in exchange for a lowly peasant. But that was also a baseless fear because Matthias was the Duke of Arvis first and foremost. It would be a grave mistake of his to do that just to take his mistress as a wife.

But that was the old Matthias. This Matthias, this was someone she never knew.

She apologized mentally to Riette, knowing she couldn’t just stand aside anymore. She had a feeling Matthias was close to figuring out his feelings. She must make a move now to end them before he ever reached that point.

Things were different from when she’d been thirteen, but at the same time, her circumstances never changed. Just now, her fears didn’t stem from being imperfect as a Duchess. It was because she wasn’t born as Leyla, and yet she must marry Matthias.

It was the only reward she sought in life. It was the only way to justify all the sacrifices she had to make all those years ago. The turmoil slowly disappeared the longer she stared at the frozen plains in front of her, the moonlight illuminating her soft, yet harsh features.

She can’t do anything about Matthias, but perhaps she could do something about Leyla. Leyla must disappear for her to secure her goal. But how could she push Leyla to the breaking point? Enough that it would want to make her leave the Duke despite his hold on her?

A grin made its way on her smile as a single person came to mind.

“Kyle Etman.” she hummed to herself in a whisper, cold puff of air escaping her, fogging up the glass.



Leyla drunkenly blinked awake, feeling warm all over, before her eyes landed on the sleeping man beside her. She was perfectly content right now, and she wanted to bask longer in the mood around them. She breathed in and out softly, rolling over to face him properly.

She could see the way his lips were kiss bitten, all red and swollen against his pale complexion. His sharp features are more prominent, even in the dim lighting around them as the dawning light filtered through the glass.

She couldn’t deny how beautiful he was. But something about him was familiar.

‘Ah,’ she thought with a wide smile as his name clicked in her head, ‘It’s the duke!’ she thought ecstatically.

He’d gone with her to school! She could remember him vividly! She also remembered how intimidated she was of him, but she was also in awe of him. Especially when she’d met him by the forest.

But something was strange right now though. Leyla frowned as she looked at him with a pout. He looked younger in her memories, was he stressed? Or maybe he looked older when asleep?

She hummed, pulling the blanket over her head down as her head peaked out from under the covers. She gingerly reached out a hand, and cupped his face. She giggled when she managed to do it successfully, squishing his cheeks before frowning.

He felt warm to the touch. But then again, should she be feeling him? Wasn’t this a dream? She usually never felt them in dreams.

She blinked back, her vision slowly becoming clearer by the second. Her eyes zeroed in on her surroundings, belatedly noticing how different the walls were. She groggily looked around in confusion, before realizing she wasn’t even in her own room!

And that was enough for Leyla to sober up, and immediately withdrew her touch on the Duke as though his skin burnt her! She tried to put a distance between them, but Matthias’ arms tightened around her.

She was lying on her stomach, head pillowed on his arm. He threw his legs over her, entwining them together, making it more difficult and uncomfortable for her to move. She tried wriggling away, but soon gave up, when his grip remained tight around her waist.

One by one, last night’s events flooded her brain, painting one clear picture in Leyla’s mind. She frantically tried to shake the memories away, and back into their forgotten places as she was stuck looking at the Duke.


It was strange how she fell asleep so easily beside him. All she did was try to get away from him desperately, escaping from his private touches when she could, and yet he’d come back at her with an equal force, pulling her closer and closer with each step she took farther from him.

He was such a crazy person in Leyla’s eyes.

And now, instead of being his usual, greedy self, he took the time to ask her about things she liked. Almost as though he valued her opinion. And when he took her last night, he took her gently, coaxing her softly to open up for him.

She must have fallen asleep at some point, because she didn’t remember pushing him away from her. She didn’t even remember how last night ended. All she did remember was the sounds they made as he called out for her…

“Lewellin…” he cried out in passion from time to time, the sounds of their flesh slapping against each other accompanying it, before her memories faded black.

She didn’t want them to resume that activity so soon after she woke up, and decided to lie still in his arms instead. She couldn’t bring herself back to sleep, and thus was left no choice but to stare at him until he woke up.

Looking back, nothing much changed in his appearance, but his features grew sharper the older he got. The times had also made him rougher. As dawn crept in their window the more the sun rose in the sky, Leyla could only imagine that day she first arrived in Arvis.



It had been so long ago, yet the memories remained as though it was like yesterday.

She’d come to Arvis, riding a small mail wagon. She was so little back then too, all thin and gangly, with her shoulder blades jutting out of her skin. When she had met Matthias once more later in the years, she remembered releasing a shuddered breath at the sight of him.

Because his eyes resembled the deep blue colors of the night sky.


Chapter 89.







Weird.










When Matthias opened his eyes, the first thing he saw was Leyla. Immediately, his mind flashed back to when she first witnessed the snow. But this vision here, there was also something ethereal in this moment between them.

That strange feeling in Leyla was back, causing her to squirm away from him in an effort to look away when his hand went up to cup her cheek, refusing to let her go and look away from him.

Fear flashed in her eyes, thinking they were about to resume last night’s activities, but nothing like that came.

He just kept her in place, staring at her, and making her feel unfamiliar things. His fingers began to caress her cheeks soothingly, pressing lightly on her skin. Leyla stilled under his touch, letting him feel her face as they locked eyes with each other, their breath intermingling in the air…

‘Why does he do this to me?’ she asked herself.

Her head tilted in wonderment, as Matthias just kept staring at her without an outward response. Instead, he seemed to be looking for something. He kept searching her eyes for an answer to a question she didn’t know was being asked.

She likened this feeling between them to witnessing the first morning after winter came. Like a sudden clarity had washed over her as she looked at the snowy white plains, just as vast and beautiful as the sky…

The sun peeked through the gaps of the curtains, lightly hitting their skin, basking them in a warm glow as Matthias kept caressing her face. The sun beams moved, perfectly framing Leyla’s emerald orbs, redefining Matthias’ definition of a crowning jewel.

Because that’s what her eyes were to him, despite the lingering fear they held, a persistent curiosity shone through them too.


But there was no answer provided to him, and it made Matthias feel dejected, chuckling mirthlessly to himself, before he moved his hands to tangle them through her golden locks instead. They looked like golden threads, gifted by the heavens.

Yet Leyla’s eyes narrowed with his movement, reminding him that she would always doubt his intentions. But the way she squirmed in his arms was also maddening. He couldn’t bear it any longer-

“I’m hungry!” Leyla immediately exclaimed, having enough of this moment between them as his hands shifted to touch her bare back. He blinked at her.

“What?” he frowned, displeased at her interruption.

“I said I’m hungry.” she repeated, before firmly pushing away his hand from her.

She wasn’t hungry. But it was the only excuse she could think of at the moment. Though demanding something that ridiculous was a little embarrassing, she would rather face that kind of embarrassment than have intercourse with him at such an early morning.

“I-I want to eat some breakfast.” Leyla haughtily added, giving Matthias a firm glare as he stared at her in a dumbfounded manner.

Leyla’s stomach churned in terror. Had she provoked him after all? The longer the silence persisted from him, the more she feared she did provoke him.

But alas, laughter like music echoed against the walls, making Leyla look at him in bewilderment. She’s heard him laugh so many times now, yet every time she hears it, it never ceases to amaze her how warm his laugh would make her feel.

She could almost believe this was a different person, but she knows this was still Matthias.

Matthias laughed on his back, hands clutched on his stomach as he threw his head back onto the pillows as he chuckled to his heart’s content. His eyes squeezed shut as laugh lines creased the skin of his eyes.

An insecurity assaulted Leyla’s thoughts.

Was he laughing at her ridiculousness? Did she make herself look stupid in front of him?!

She quickly pulled up the blankets, wrapping them around her naked frame, pulling it up to her nose securely. Matthias’ laughter died down as he finally sat up on the bed, before he turned to her with a soft smile.

At this angle, Leyla could witness the way the sunlight rolled off his frame beautifully, hitting his sharp features as they casted dark shadows on his other side, making his blue pools shine. His overall image was softer like this, much like those marble sculptures she used to see in art books and museums…

It made her heart skip a beat.


“Okay, let’s do that.” Matthias hummed with that soft smile on his lips. His eyes held hers hypnotically, making blood rise in her chest, “Let’s have breakfast together.”

As he left, still chuckling to himself for unknown reasons, Leyla couldn’t help but wonder how such a cruel man possessed such beautiful laughter? It didn’t make sense. But at the crucial moment, he looked like any other man Leyla saw.

He wasn’t a duke, he wasn’t powerful, he wasn’t cruel. Just a normal man she would have met randomly at the street, and that image sent shivers inside her.

He was an uncanny man. He was acting so strange lately, it confused her greatly. So Leyla grabbed on tightly on the blanket, and brought it up over her head, refusing to look at him any longer, but it didn’t block out the sounds of his laughter still ringing in her head.

She was beginning to feel weird as well.







Kyle stood outside of the most expensive cafe in Carlsbar with clammy palms.

He took a deep breath, before he thanked the doorman for opening the door and searched the tables. The cafe was crowded with many noblemen and ladies, given its prestigious reputation, it came as no surprise to him. It was also located in the center of the city, so naturally, it attracted a lot of customers.

Finally, his eyes landed on the reason he was here in the first place.

He’d received an invitation from Lady Brandt, which he interpreted as a demand for him to meet up in the city. And just as she said, Claudine was seated by the window seat, overlooking the occupants by the second floor of the cafe.

It was quieter up there after all, plus, she had the bonus view of the city’s shopping district and its beautiful park.

Kyle wasted no time to approach her, wishing for their meeting to be over as soon as possible. He had more important things to do than waste it with her.

Claudine beamed at the sight of him, flashing him that sweet smile she used on everyone.

“Ah, Kyle! I’m so happy you accepted my invitation.” She greeted him. Kyle bowed his head at her, before taking the seat across her. “For a moment I thought you wouldn’t come.” she lightly remarked, eyeing him in scrutiny.


“Yes, I apologize for the delay,” Kyle said with a stiff smile, “But you weren’t very specific on the time of our meeting, I’d been afraid I have missed you.”

His words were pleasant at best, but Claudine could tell there was a hint of dismay in his tone at their meet-up.

“So, why have you invited me out today, Lady Brandt?” Kyle immediately asked, quick to the point, his posture going taut. Claudine could only lightly tut at him in his brazen manner.

“Watch that tone Kyle,” she softly warned, “There are many eyes around us, who knows what rumors would surface at them spotting us together.”

“If you were so worried about so much attention on us, then why did you arrange for us to meet here?” Kyle asked her in confusion, and Claudine only smiled at him, before taking a dainty sip out of her cup.

“Because I have the perfect vantage point in this spot.” she answered plainly. “Also, meeting up here is more wise if we are to remain inconspicuous instead of a shady place that hardly anyone knows.” She explained to him with a pointed stare, “Just think of the scandal.” she sighed.

Kyle could only shoot her back with a wry smile.

He wanted to be anywhere but here with her. However, he also knew she had the answers to several of his questions. He knew because she had her aide personally deliver him her letter of invitation.

[I need to discuss something with you.]

[Don’t you wonder why Leyla’s changed so much after you’ve gone?]

[I’ll see you in the cafe, in front of the central station in Carlsbar city. I’ll be eagerly waiting for your arrival tomorrow.]

Those were some lines directly found in her letter, and it did make Kyle curious. And he couldn’t believe that Lady Brandt, who had always despised Leyla since they were children for unknown reasons, had a better understanding of her than him.

Something in him unsettled with that piece of information.

He could have just ignored her. He had no reason to attach himself with Leyla anymore, but he wanted to help her. Even if it meant subjecting himself to feeling pathetic as he faced the soon to be Duchess of Arvis.

It was as though she saw something in him give in, making her grin toothily at his resignation.

“I knew you would come,” Claudine hummed, “After all, you love her too much just to ignore something this important.”


“Please tell me what I need to know quickly, Lady Brandt.” Kyle prompted, feeling his patience running thin by the second. “I’d like for this to be over soon.”

“Oh?” Claudine smirked, raising a brow in a challenge, “Why, that would be so improper of me to not even bother asking you about your day!” she gasped softly. Kyle could feel his jaw stiffen, stopping himself from snapping at her.

Claudine seemed unbothered by his discomfort, and proceeded to flag a nearby waiter. They nodded at her immediately, before rushing down. Kyle saw no words exchanged between them. Claudine only shot him an innocent smile, before the waiter came back with a handful of coffee, balanced precariously on a silver tray.

He set their cups down in front of them, taking Claudine’s cold cup of tea with him before leaving them back to their privacy.

“Trust me, Lady Brandt,” Kyle spoke dryly to her as the waiter disappeared, “I won’t talk of your improperness if you just say it now.”

“Well, alright then.” Claudine smiled victoriously at Kyle.

She had thought about this carefully after all. She needed to reveal her fiance’s affair with Leyla, but to someone who cared greatly about Leyla, and had some power over her too.

Kyle was the perfect candidate. She could have gone with the gardener, after all, he was the most important person in Leyla’s life, but she found that scenario too pitiful.

“First, let me clarify a few of my suspicions.” Claudine declared, making Kyle frown at her.

“Lady Brandt, I insist-”

“Did you or did you not return to Arvis in hopes of rekindling your love with Leyla?” Claudine interrupted, making Kyle snap his mouth shut at the unexpectedness.

When Kyle resolutely remained silent, she could only smile at him in pity.

“Oh, poor you. I assume by your reaction Leyla rejected you, no?”

Kyle still kept silent as he glared at Claudine, who was unbothered by him.

“Yes, she did, didn’t she?” she hummed, tutting at him in pity, “Well, I can’t blame her for doing that. After all, how could she juggle two men vying for her attention at the same time?” she said plainly as she stared at her nails.

It was like a bucket-full of ice had been poured down on Kyle upon her words. He refused to believe this was true, but the grin on Claudine’s face as she stared at his frozen form made him feel otherwise.


“What do you say Kyle?” Claudine leaned forward, resting her chin on her clasped hands, “Are you still in such a hurry for our conversation to be over?”

“Who?” Kyle couldn’t help but ask after freeing himself from his frozen shock, before Claudine’s eyes turned ice cold, but her smile remained.

“Why, it’s no one else but my fiance,” Claudine practically hissed, “Matthias von Herhardt, Duke of Arvis.”







The rest of their day together had gone smoothly, just as Matthias hoped.

Their breakfast together was splendid, and went beyond his expectations. It was every bit enjoyable as he’d imagined and more!

The only downside so far was that Leyla refused to even look up at him. All day long she kept avoiding seeing him, so instead he watched her. He drank in the sight of her rosy cheeks, the sunlight haloing around her crown as she took small bites.

He watched her plump lips moisten up with the food and their drinks. It made him want to devour her all the more. Especially when she’d bite down on her lips in that nervous manner.

But that was just typical Leyla to him.

It made him feel like bursting out into another fit of laughter with how high he was currently feeling, and he didn’t care how it made him look.

She’d glance back at him every now and then, but when she’d catch him looking at her, she’d get frazzled and immediately avert her eyes. He especially enjoyed seeing her face grow red, and because of him!

But, he was done just watching her, instead, he lightly gestured to the corner of his lip, finally catching her attention. Leyla paused, as she frowned at him.

The crumbs on her face looked more appealing than the ones on his plate.

Eventually it dawned upon her what he meant, and fumbled around to wipe the crumbs off her face with a napkin. Her flush grew deeper, the red running down to her neck.

Once she was done, she proceeded to continue with their meat, albeit with a slower pace this time, still blushing beautifully for him.


Every move she made was so delicate for him, even as she tapped on the egg to crack its shell. Matthias couldn’t help but let out a chuckle, making her look up at him in even more confusion.

Leyla gingerly scooped out some of the egg, before it disappeared into her mouth with a frown and a pout as soon as he chuckled at her once more.

When breakfast was over, they both took their sweet time in doing nothing but just being around each other.

Of course, while Matthias reclined himself leisurely on the bed, Leyla refused to sit still and kept pacing and mumbling nothings to herself around the room.

She was arguing with herself to keep it together quietly, afraid that the duke would hear. She didn’t know why she felt so jittery around him lately, was it because she was afraid and uncomfortable with him? Or was it something else!?

The next time Leyla looked at the Duke, his hair was damp just as he was finished dressing up. Fit to go out.

Was he going out and leaving her?

‘Good!’ Leyla thought to herself, before she picked up the morning paper on the table and sat herself firmly by the windowsill. She was intent on reading while he’d gone away, unaware he’d approached her.

Matthias stared over her shoulder, quietly standing behind her as he read with her. He blinked back as soon as he realized what it was she was reading on the paper. It was one of those serialized novels the papers published, something he never really bothered to pay attention to whenever he’d read the news.

Leyla gasped, immediately flushing red in embarrassment once she realized he’d been standing behind her reading all this time! In her rush to get away, she dropped the newspaper between them, looking like a child who was caught with their hand in a cookie jar.

Matthias laughed in amusement once more! Who would’ve thought that Miss Prim-and-proper, Leyla Lewellin, was the type who could read such riveting novels with a straight face?

She was looking at him as though he was crazy, but Matthias can’t seem to think it’s such a terrible picture. He was having fun right now, and what’s a little fun without being crazy?

They left the hotel room as soon as noon struck.

Leyla had been against the idea at first, but Matthias was insistent, making her accompany him reluctantly. He had his attendant bring them another one of his coats, before firmly wrapping his own coat around Leyla as he eyed his attendant.

Mark Evers never rushed out of sight as fast as he did after that moment.


The tailcoat ended up being bigger than expected at Leyla. The ends of the coat were almost touching the floor, but Matthias loved seeing her in something of his.

“Where are we headed?” Leyla asked him in a meek voice, just as they passed the hotel’s main entrance. Matthias gave no answer. Instead, he just kept walking, making Leyla run after him.

Matthias slowed down from time to time, careful not to lose sight of her as he led them towards one of the city’s most prominent boutiques. Leyla’s eyes narrowed at the sight of it in front of them.

“No.” she said, glaring at Matthias, “I don’t want it.”

But Matthias held her gaze steadfast in a wordless demand. Leyla shook her head adamantly, but Matthias wasn’t budging.

It was inevitable of her to give in to him.

So with great reluctance, Leyla followed him into the boutique. The entrance clanged with a soft chime, indicating new customers had arrived. Once they entered, almost every pair of eyes in the store turned on the new arrivals.


Chapter 90.




Lovers.







Upon their entrance, every customer and employer were left confused by the new arrivals. Even the boutique’s owner took a while to recover before she went up to them with a bright smile.

“Welcome!” she greeted jovially, giving them both a once over.

The man looked wealthy. He was tall and handsome, and had a regal air around him as he escorted the petite woman inside, who looked around the store nervously. She had a tailcoat on, which he assumed to be from her companion’s.

The man then went up behind her to remove the coat. As soon as the coat came off, the owner’s eyes widened, before he narrowed his eyes on the two of them.

She was beautiful, the owner would admit, but she had such ghastly clothes on her! Not appropriate when she’s with such a classy man. But judging by the way the man was looking at her, she would wager

a	guess that they didn’t have a master-and-maid relationship between them.

‘A mistress would be most likely.’ She thought to herself as she gave them a welcoming smile. She politely conversed with them, sending a smile towards the skittish woman as she continued to assess them.

She knew many noblemen took on mistresses, but for this man to bring her in here, of all places. Wasn’t that just asking for trouble on his part?

She noticed how the woman would scoot away from him, even going as far as shrugging off his touch from her. They must have been at odds with each other for a while now.

It was a scene she’d seen many times. Being a boutique that boasted many things of luxury, it wasn’t uncommon for quarreling lovers to bring their women here to buy them something. It was her job to gauge out her customers in what they could potentially like, and convince the man into buying them for her.

But these two were different, she could tell.


She didn’t even look like she’d like anything in store. She looked around as though she wished she were anywhere else but in her store. She might even be a little bit afraid of her companion. But why would she be afraid?

She’d seen many women who would have given anything to be in a position like her. They would even be willing to sleep with men twice their age just to enjoy luxuries in life.

But it wasn’t her place to pry, even if she’d been itching to ask them a million questions. For now, she will just have to wait for them to pick out what they want, and then help them make a purchase.

Another thing that surprised her from watching them was how incredibly stubborn the woman was! She looked soft, and a pushover, but she was acting very headstrong with the man. Her companion, instead, was the one who kept compromising, giving her suggestions here and there on what would look good on her.

The owner loved meeting people who would obviously bring sales into her business like this man, but the woman’s attitude was a little bit off-putting. Perhaps she should help them make a decision.

Did she want something more expensive? She just has the thing for them!

She made quick work around her store, choosing clothes just around the woman’s size with an expert eye, and picking out some of their most beautiful products that would complement her greatly.

She hoped this would be enough for her. She didn’t know what was wrong between them, but she was certain about one thing.

The man with her was absolutely taken with her. Surely she couldn’t be so blind to see the way he looked at her?

And that made her confident the man would buy her just about anything, no matter the price!

With several items on hand, she approached them once more, politely asking them to try the items out and to not hesitate in asking her for more.

The turquoise coat she got for her looked absolutely good on her!

Matthias made Leyla try them on, the shop owner beaming at her when she got the correct size. Leyla wanted nothing more but to leave the shop, but she reminded herself she needed to do this. Matthias had control over her after all.

She mustn’t deny him what he wants.

The shop owner did a good job in praising Leyla with lines she knew have been used multiple times with other wealthy customers. She led Leyla towards their shoe display, prompting her to choose the one she liked, before making her sit on the sofa nearby.

The other shop attendants came by to assist them, bringing some suggested shoes for Leyla to try on.


Leyla looked lost, not knowing what to do and looked away from their suggestions, staring resolutely on the floor instead.

‘My, what a stubborn woman.’ The store owner pouted to herself. At that moment, the man chuckled, before he approached them. He gave a glance over to the shoes, then back at his woman, before looking back at the owner.

“I’m sorry, Sir,” she apologized, bowing her head at his approach, “These were the only shoes I made that would be a perfect fit for her.” she explained.

With how busy she had gotten lately, she didn’t have the time to make more shoes and clothes that would fit all kinds of customers she got with the highest quality materials. As such, the things she picked out were one of the last in their current stocks.

Matthias hummed, stopping right in front of Leyla, before gesturing at her red-stained shoes. “Aren’t these the ones you were wearing that day?”

The memory of Matthias pouring ink on her came to mind. She’d tried to get the stain out, but the red ink he’d poured persistently stayed on her shoes.

Leyla looked up at him meekly, and bit her lip as she avoided his gaze, refusing to answer him. Matthias’ eyes narrowed at her in disappointment. It was the same shoes, although he also distinctly remembered buying her new ones, to replace the ones he ruined.

Why was she still using these?

Sensing his disappointment, Leyla finally gave in and sighed.

“These were new shoes,” she pointed out, “They are stained, but they work perfectly fine. Besides, I had been wearing them when I was home.”

Her toes felt frozen. She should have at least chosen proper shoes before leaving her house! Leyla thought as she berated herself. She didn’t realize how much she’d regret not changing properly to come meet him.

Though if he were a more decent person, he could have pretended to not know, or at least not have pointed it out to everybody!

She hated how he could read her so easily, and how he’d casually reveal a secret or two of her and say it so callously. Although she shouldn’t have expected anything different from a man who made a deal with her just so he could take from her whatever he wanted.

She made a deal with him to be his mistress in exchange for her uncle’s freedom. She’d been able to endure all those weeks of sleeping with him, because at the moment, it was the only stipulation he had of their deal. She doesn’t want to owe him more, especially not priceless things she can’t repay him for.


Because no matter how much he’ll pay for her, she’ll have to keep paying him with her body. He kept coming back for her dismal performance, but that wasn’t what made her despair. No, it was because if she did accept his gifts, she might as well just be a prostitute.

Her cheeks flushed with frustration, head bowed resolutely.

Matthias stepped closer to her. She kept acting like he was punishing her.

So Matthias knelt in front of her.

Leyla snapped her eyes up to meet his gaze, while the others gasped softly as they witnessed him kneeling. Matthias seemed indifferent to their audience, his attention solely on Leyla.

Before she could voice out her confusion, Matthias grabbed her by the ankles, gently removing her shoes, and put on the ones he’d chosen would fit her. Leyla soon snapped out of her confusion, the frustrated blush being replaced with a flustered red as she pulled her leg away from him, but he only grabbed it back to secure the shoes on her feet.

Even her feet looked so adorable, Matthias thought to himself with a smile.

Once he had tied the last knot on the shoes, Matthias casually stood up, and looked down on her. Leyla couldn’t help but hold his gaze in a mesmerized way, oblivious to their audience in the form of the store owner and attendants.

But could anyone really blame them?

Leyla couldn’t help but watch as Matthias reached out for her…

‘He’ll just hurt me again.’ Leyla knew. Whenever he’d be this kind to her, he’d just quickly replace it with an equally cruel act afterwards. How could this be any different than those times? She knew him. She knew all his games, and she won’t fall for it again.

Finally, Leyla grew aware of their growing audience before she realized Matthias had been waiting for her to take his hand, so that she could stand up. Embarrassed, she reluctantly took his hand, to which he gave a gentle tug to put his arms around her, wrapping her in a warm one-armed hug.

Upon seeing their interaction, the owner sighed in relief. Her assumptions were wrong after all, she wasn’t a mistress.

They were lovers…

The air might be chilly around them, but the sun surely was shining brightly on them. The boutique owner thought ecstatically as she quickly rang up their purchases when the man told her they’d be buying those things!

By the time they left the shop, Leyla was dressed in her brand new clothes, following him obediently as he led them through the streets. Numerous people kept passing them as they headed for downtown.

Rush hour was just beginning, if the growing crowd was anything to go by.

Eventually they reached the park in the city, and Matthias held out his arm for her to take. Leyla grew flustered at him before she stilled. She thought of the many people around them, before shaking them out of her mind.

With a straight composure, she took it without further thought, and Matthias smiled to himself as she accepted him.

‘I don’t want this, I don’t want this, I don’t want this…’ Leyla kept repeating in her head as she drew closer to Matthias’ warmth. He was starting to get on her nerves.

Matthias also grew a little restless at how stiff Leyla was being. He wanted to respect her boundaries, but enough was enough. He removed her hand from his arm, before he firmly, yet gently entwined their fingers together.

Her fingers fit perfectly on the gaps between his.

Leyla tried to pull away from him, but his grip on her tightened. She gave it a few more tugs, before giving in to his whims.

‘This is only temporary.’ Leyla thought to herself as she allowed her fingers to rest in his.

The rest of their walk had gone uneventful, before they sat down in front of a cafe’s windows, with a perfect view of the park. Matthias regarded Leyla carefully, knowing by heart she loved to talk. He’d seen her around with other people, yet she refused to grant him the same privilege.

“What’s that bird?” Matthias suddenly asked, making Leyla jolt in surprise, as the cup clanged on the saucer. She nervously looked at where his line of sight was, before seeing a black bird, perched on one of the trees nearby.

“It’s a crow.” she answered after a quick assessment before looking at him suspiciously. Shouldn’t he know what a crow looks like? After all, there were many of them in Arvis, even she knew that as a child.

“How about that?” Matthias asked.

Again and again, he kept asking about the different birds he would spot, and Leyla would answer each one without fail.

Varied tit.

Forest thrush.

Yellow robin.

Those were only some of the birds he pointed out to, but the more he asked the more confused she got. What was he playing at?


Matthias was content to keep asking his questions. He loved the breathy tone around her voice whenever she’d speak their names. They sounded so much like music to his ears.

“How can you memorize all of them?”

“Well” she answered, “Since I am living near a forest.” Leyla bit her lower lip in serious thought.

“So what’s your favorite bird?” Matthias suddenly asked her, shaking her out of her thoughts.

“My favorite?” Leyla looked to the trees, a frown on her face, “I can’t really say. There’s too many to choose from.” She turned to look back at him, “What about you?”

Matthias blinked at her in pleasant surprise. He thought for sure he’d be the one to initiate conversations this whole afternoon.

“What’s your favorite bird?” Leyla parroted back to him, before she narrowed her gaze, “And I don’t mean your favorite bird to hunt.”

He could only chuckle good naturedly at her.

“Ah, then that’s easy.” He hummed, perching his hand up in a way that made him see his perched finger carrying Leyla, “A canary.”

Leyla blinked back in surprise. It wasn’t a bird she thought he would favor.

“You mean those birds that could sing beautifully?” She asked curiously. “Those kinds of canary?” Matthias hummed in agreement, “But why? Don’t men like you usually prefer hawks? Or eagles? Or falcons?”

An awkward silence befell between them. She waited for Matthias to reply, but he was content to see her finally look at him expectantly.

‘If I hold my answer a little longer, will you keep looking at me that way?’ Matthias thought to himself in melancholic wonder.

“Why not?” he asked Leyla, “I think they’re rather beautiful, don’t you?” he finished, looking intensely at Leyla, making heat pool in her gut.

Leyla gulped, before she hurriedly averted her eyes from him to plop more sugar cubes into her cup of tea.

“I think so too, Duke.” she answered quietly, staring resolutely as she swirled the sugar into her well-saturated tea. Some of the crystals refused to dissolve into the tea, before she finally gathered enough courage to look back at him once again.

He was still looking at her, and it made Leyla feel more bothered, but she didn’t know why. Once more she looked outside, just in time to catch sight of a different bird.



“Oh, that one’s a pigeon.” She automatically supplied for him, and Matthias chuckled in amusement at her, making her flush in embarrassment as she saw him grinning at her.

“I know.”

“Oh…” Leyla’s voice trailed off, before feeling foolish at telling him when he hadn’t even asked. But how was she to know he knew?! He asked her about the crows after all! “Well, I see.” She cleared her throat and grabbed her spoon to keep stirring the tea.

A pleasant smile broke out of Matthias lips as he watched her fumble in front of him discreetly. Leyla flinched when she glanced back at him before renewing her attempts at stirring her tea.

Beneath the table, Leyla grew completely oblivious how close their pairs of feet had gotten, only noticing it when she felt a familiar brush of his shoes against her new ones. She glanced up at him, and he shot her another smile, sending tingling feelings in her gut…

Today continued to shape up into a weird, weird day.


Chapter 91.




Just Such A Relationship.







Kyle stayed behind in the cafe long after Claudine had left. He sat there, on his table, taking in what Claudine said in frozen silence. The waiter quietly came up beside him. They dutifully wiped the table down, taking with them the untouched third cup of coffee he had ordered.

They glanced over at Kyle, and felt concerned with how pale as a blank sheet he was.

‘Don’t listen to Claudine,’ Kyle berated himself over and over back when he was listening to what she had to say to him. He firmly told himself that this was just how Claudine was. She hated Leyla ever since he could remember. She’s trying to ruin Leyla’s image…

And he hated how he was beginning to believe her.

But he’d catch himself and tell himself that this was Leyla! She was not the kind of woman who’d enter willingly into an affair with an engaged man! There was no way Claudine was telling the truth!

But the thought of what if kept bugging him. What if Claudine was telling him the truth? He did see the way the Duke had eyed Leyla, that couldn’t have just been his imagination! All of a sudden he could feel a chill in the pit of his stomach as anxiousness and despair came over his thoughts.

‘If the Duke really feels that way towards Leyla, then they could…’ Kyle’s thoughts trailed off, before shaking the awful thought out of his mind.

“Their relationship blossomed right after you left for the capital, Kyle, did you know?” Claudine casually pointed out as she took a sip of her cup of coffee. Kyle knew better to believe every word Claudine said. He knew that…

But she made him believe they were only waiting for the right time, and he can’t help the doubt forming in his mind around that. Another thing that made him doubt that she was telling him all but lies was the tone in her voice.

There was something real in them. The genuine hate in her tone was unmistakable, and it strengthened the possibility that what she had been telling him had ounces of truth in them.

Because as much as Claudine hated Leyla, she wasn’t the type to spread false rumors about her. Not unless she knew, a hundred percent, what was going on with Leyla and the Duke. Claudine knew that if


she made any false accusations, it would make her look bad. Her pride and honor would be tarnished because of misinformation.

There was no way she’d risk talking false slanderous things about her fiance and Leyla, just to say it in front of a doctor’s son.

‘No, it’s not true. Claudine is lying, you know she’s lying!’ Kyle once again scolded himself, reminding him that this wasn’t just anyone Claudine was implicating in having an affair with her fiance.

This was Leyla.

Kyle stood up with wobbly feet, and went out of the cafe with a dazed look upon his face. He was looking straight ahead of him, but not really seeing or thinking about where he would go. As the cold winds swept past him until his face numbed in the chill, he just wanted to do one thing.

Shutting his dry eyes were too painful, and his breathing grew ragged the more he walked. There was a tightening in his chest that threatened to suffocate him. He can’t think properly, but he knew what would give him his peace of mind back…

And it was still Leyla.

He was the only one who could lay his troubles to rest, the only one who could provide him a real truth.

The only source he trusted in this matter.

He must see her. But how would he bring this up to her?








The rest of their day was spent exchanging casual conversation with each other. Most of the time, it was Matthias initiating the conversation, asking Leyla questions every now and then to which she would respond swiftly, yet briefly.

Sometimes she would ask him a few short questions, but not as much as he would. He even noticed most of the questions she’d direct him were formal at best, and not really much about him in general. She was only doing so to appear polite.

But he was happy he had her undivided attention. She was looking at him, and exchanging words without hints of being scared or angry with him, and was actively listening to him. He didn’t know what made her act like this, but he wanted it to continue.

Looking at her like this, where he could unabashedly stare at her jewel-like eyes and softly flushed cheeks was exhilarating.


He took in every subtle change she made, the way her eyes would spark when he’d ask her about birds, or how the tension on her shoulders slowly seeped out of her body with every passing minute. He took them all in greedily, and kept wanting for more, for they filled him up warmly in a way that sent tingles down to his toes.

This was getting crazier, how badly she affected him. This couldn’t be normal, but he also couldn’t put a finger on it. He could feel his breath hitching the longer he stared at her, and the heated tension in his body coiling beneath his skin like a snake waiting to strike…

And he loved every little sensation he felt from watching her like this.

“Are we heading back already?” Leyla asked him cautiously when she noticed Matthias glance down his wrist watch. She was looking expectantly at him, in a way that couldn’t be hidden even if she tried to.

“Alright.” Matthias agreed with a hum, brushing off entertaining thoughts on making this moment between them last a little longer.

If he could make it so, this time between them would have gone on for forever.

Leyla softly breathed out a sigh of relief on his acquiesce, closing her eyes in silent praise at whoever was watching over her. Upon seeing her reaction, Matthias couldn’t help but feel offended at how relieved she was for this day to be over and done with.

Yet he can’t keep his eyes off of her.

And he wanted her to look at him once more, and to keep him in her eyes at all times. There was a burning need for her, blooming in his chest that grew stronger every moment they spent together.

Leyla shivered under a cold gust of wind, before feeling eyes boring holes into her, and nervously looked back at him. Her breath hitched when she saw the intense gaze he had, unconsciously wetting her lips.

They had soft ragged breaths as they locked gaze, before Leyla voiced out a question that had been deeply bugging her.

“This thing between us, you promise to keep it a secret right?” she couldn’t help but ask worriedly.

Matthias quirked up a brow at her.

“A secret?” he repeated, “From who?”

“From Uncle Bill.”

Ah, there it was again, that name; Matthias thought bitterly, an ugly feeling rearing its head in the back of his mind. She said it so softly, you would have thought she was genuinely worried, but the look on her eyes made it seem like she was determined to make him keep it a secret from her uncle, the most.


He’d almost forgotten about the gardener, which was of course why Leyla’s been so willing to spend time with him. Whether he really meant it as a reminder or a threat, that didn’t matter. What mattered was, with Bill Remmer being held over Leyla as leverage made him unpleasant.

“Please Duke, he must never know about us!” Leyla pleaded desperately in a quiet voice, when a frown marred Matthias’ expression.

Finally, he straightened up and schooled his expressions back into his cool and indifferent demeanor.

“Do you really think you can hold out on never telling Bill our relationship together until your dying breath?” Matthias asked her with a tilt in his head.

He knew this thing between them cannot stay like this forever, especially not this type of affair, but it seemed like Leyla had completely misunderstood him once more. She was fond of doing that.

“What do you mean by ‘until my dying breath’?!” she asked, startled at the implications as she looked at him in alarm. All of a sudden, it quickly shifted into a defensive expression.

The Duke was due to marry Lady Brandt by summer at the earliest possible moment. What he had with her was a mere shallow obsession which she was indulging in. He shouldn’t force her to continue with their deal even after he’d tied a knot with some other woman!

It isn’t right! Leyla won’t allow that to ever happen! Was he planning on making her miserable the rest of her life?!

Her hands trembled in front of her.

‘Forever,’ Leyla thought hatefully, ‘Such a powerful word to use with our relationship.’ she couldn’t help but think bitterly.

Matthias only hummed after he regarded her carefully, shrugging his shoulders.

“I’m just saying,” he began once more, “One way or another, he will find out about us. Aren’t you supposed to prepare yourself for that probability?” he asked her coldly, rephrasing his question as he took a sip on his glass of water.

“No!” Leyla exclaimed, frustration and anger leaking out of her shouted whisper as she looked around them nervously, before glaring back at him with all the rage she could muster. “I’ll make sure you or anyone who knows will never speak about this to him!”

She would leave him before he could ever tie her permanently to him! She’d make sure of it! Above all, she won’t ever let Uncle Bill know about what she’d done.

She can’t hurt him like that! She was already upset she had to sleep with him for her uncle’s freedom, but she can take it. She can’t take the thought of causing her uncle grief.


If he would ever find out what she’d been doing with the Duke, he would be heartbroken about how low she’d gotten! She’ll have to be extra careful from now on, and make sure this affair between them would be over quickly and to never owe the duke anything ever again!

So she’d have to be a better toy for him, an obedient doll to his advances. She’d do anything!

“Duke,” she called out, begging for him to hear her as she looked up at him in a pleading manner. “Duke, please…”

Matthias stared into her eyes with a sharp look on his face. He could clearly see the fear, mixed with a hint of expectancy in her eyes as she looked at him. It was like something awoke deep inside him as he looked into those two glimmering green orbs of hers…

Ah, she was so beautiful like this. He really wanted to have her…

And he did. He did have her…

But then a frown came upon him as he thought deeply about that fact.

‘Do I really have her all to myself?’

With her dream of leaving Arvis behind, and to marry a random man slipping through her fingers, she had nowhere to go, but stay in Arvis, where he could see her whenever he liked. She’d willingly allowed him to bed her, time and time again, solidifying she was his to have and his to use.

It was just as he planned it to be. All he needed to do now, was to just do as he wanted, and nothing more.

With a tired sigh, he gave Leyla a terse nod, signifying whatever news Bill Remmer would get about them, would never come from him. After all, it was only a matter of time now, but Leyla didn’t have to know he intended for everyone around them to know she was his.

When that would be, he couldn’t really tell.

All he knew was that he didn’t want to let her go, and that was the big mystery wasn’t it? He couldn’t fathom his obsession with her. Why is it, with all the women in the world, he chose a woman who was essentially nothing for him?

Had he gone insane after all? Was it because she was alway hard to get, even though he’d finally gotten a taste of her? Until when will she continue to torture him this way?

Leyla was completely oblivious to his turmoil, sighing in complete relief when he’d given her his word. She’d always been so uncomfortable around him, and couldn’t help but be terrified to be in his presence, but that intimidating air around him was strangely absent for today.

Instead, there was something blooming in her chest, something she barely felt before.


Suddenly, Matthias stood up, and came up beside her. Leyla followed his movements, looking up at him. He stared down at her with a contemplative gaze, before he just grabbed her by the shin, freezing her to shock at his sudden movements.

Suddenly, she took back what she had just thought about not being fearful of him today. She was growing terrified of him right now. She tried to move away from his grip, but he only tightened it up, refusing to let her move.

He kept looking down on her, it was like he was boring his eyes straight into her soul, seeing things she didn’t know about her. Eventually, he let her go, pulling away from her.

She heaved a breath of relief, looking up at him in a nervous manner, as she massaged her chin, still feeling the ghost of his grip on her. She wondered what he was thinking during that moment, which made her feel a little bit flustered, but she didn’t know why.

All she hoped was that he didn’t see how flustered he’d made her.

“Let’s go.” He told her, and outstretched a hand for her to take. Feeling the eyes trailed on them, Leyla reluctantly took it. As soon as she stood up, Matthias gripped her hand tight, making her wince at his grip as he half dragged her behind him.

She bit into her lip, keeping her head trailed down on the ground as she hurried behind him, to keep up with his pace. She wanted nothing more than to scream, but she couldn’t find it in her to do it.

Instead, she could only watch as the shoelaces he’d tied on her shoes swayed with every step she took.








Kyle headed back to Arvis as soon as he’d shaken out of his shock, making haste to not waste any more daylight. He soon reached the crossroads that led straight to Etman street, and completely bypassed it.

He was focused on reaching Arvis as soon as possible. It was his utmost priority. Nothing else mattered right now. In his one-track focus, he failed to notice just whose car it was that had passed him by.

Matthias’ eyes narrowed when he caught sight of Kyle as he stared out the car’s windows. He had a determined look on his face as he stared straight ahead, and he had a good guess at why that is.

Why else would he be visiting Arvis outside of his father’s visits to the mansion? He was headed there for Leyla.

Matthias took a deep breath, before looking over to the recently vacated space beside him.


He was content in delivering her straight in front of her cabin, but Leyla insisted they drop her off somewhere in the downtown area of Carlsbar. She reasoned out she had just remembered she had something to do there, and so with great reluctance, he let her leave.

But he knew she was only making excuses to get away from him.

She had looked so transparent, the nervousness and fear in her eyes were blatant to him as she asked him to drop her off there. But Matthias soon found out that the look on her face was starting to get old. He cannot find any more amusement in that expression of hers.

And he’d been so happy to see her cry before too. He felt such immense satisfaction in bringing her to tears, begging in front of him so beautifully, yet none of those familiar sensations came at that moment.

It made him wonder what it really was he wanted from her if not for her misery?

The first time he took notice of Kyle, a similar question came to his mind. It was seeded into him at that moment when he first saw how Leyla was around Kyle, and grew into a forest of nagging questions, plaguing his mind day and night.

He’d always seen them together, so unabashedly content in each other’s presence, up until their engagement being called off. Leyla, when she’d been with Kyle, always wore a bright and happy smile on her face.

And suddenly, his mouth felt dry at remembering that, making him swallow down his unease.

She did not hold back in doling out smiles and loving gaze at Kyle. She kept giving it out without a second thought, even if Kyle couldn’t offer her what she wanted like he could. No matter what Kyle did, Leyla continued to be by his side, giving him all her time and attention.

But Matthias reminded himself he no longer needed to worry about Kyle. Leyla was his now, in a way Kyle could never have her. He knew things about Leyla that Kyle never did. She wouldn’t dare leave him for an old flame.

But that fact is rendered meaningless when Leyla would not even accept him as she did with Kyle so freely. And maybe that’s why Kyle’s presence unnerved him greatly, because he had Leyla, in the way Matthias wanted her.

Continuing this line of thought would only bring more discomfort for himself. And he knew he’d never have that kind of relationship with Leyla, yet he couldn’t stop longing to have it. Matthias wanted to erase their pasts, and start anew. Take back those things he did, but he can’t.

But when the car rolled into a stop in front of his mansion, gone was the turmoil in Matthias face, and stepped out of the car with a schooled expression.


“Welcome back, Duke Herhardt!” Claudine exclaimed, as she went out to greet him back home. Matthias stared at her for a moment, confused as to why she was here when she was supposed to be back in Brandt estate, like their other guests who went home.

“My Lady,” he greeted with a practiced smile, “I didn’t know you were waiting for me here.” He greeted back, kissing her on the cheeks as soon as she got close and pulled away, looking at her with an unspoken question.

‘Why are you here?’

“Oh, yes, I decided to wait for your return here.” Claudine replied back with her own smile, “I wanted to spend more time with you, so waiting for your return in your own estate was only more practical.”

Claudine eyed Matthias with a critical gaze. She then pulled her hands away from his and clasped them demurely in front of her as she met his own assessing stare.

“Didn’t you miss me too while you were away?” She asked in an innocent voice, her eyes glancing behind him to look at the empty backseat. She then looked back at him with a prompting gaze.

Matthias only widened his smile at her, as though he was pleased with her reasoning.

“Of course,” he replied.


Chapter 92.




An Unexpected Way.







Leyla knelt on her cabin floors, furiously scrubbing the floorboards clean before she sighed out tiredly, and swiped off some of the sweat off her brows. With the sunbeam light flowing into the room, she could see the fine dust particles floating all over her.

The cold was also beginning to subside in the air, signifying that winter was about to come to an end.

Despite that, Leyla couldn’t help but think about how strange Kyle had been when she’d returned to Arvis from Carlsbar. Even remembering the look on his face gave her endless confusion about why he’d been acting so weird.

It’s been a few days since it happened, yet still she reached no conclusion.

She had been successful in making the Duke drop her off in Carlsbar, and went home on her own. Upon her way home, she’d encountered Kyle on the road to Arvis, just as Kyle was just about to leave.

“Leyla…” he called out to her with a breathy voice. He looked calm to her, but something in his voice made her think like he wanted to cry for some unknown reason.

She wanted to go to him, and ask about how he is, but she caught sight of her shoes, and forced herself not to. These shoes were the ones the Duke had just bought for her, and it reminded her why she needed to get away from Kyle.

He repeated her name a few more times, it was almost like he was seeing her, but at the same time, it was like he wasn’t actually seeing her. It was like his mind was stuck somewhere. At one point it seemed like he was looking right through her and proceeded to look up at the sky.

His hands had been shaking when he ran them across his face. Whether it was from the cold or something else, she couldn’t tell. And then he left, without talking to her or looking back at her once more.

A few passerbys had seen them, looking over at them curiously, wondering what happened between them now as Kyle continued to walk in a daze passed them. They shot Leyla questioning glances as soon as they noticed his red-rimmed eyes.

All the while Leyla could only figure out he’d stopped by for something, as did the others who saw them.

But from their point of view, it didn’t seem like that last time Kyle had sought out Leyla.

Kyle had been Leyla’s broken first love, but before that he’d been like a brother and her best friend. But gone were the days they would have freely confided in one another, those unspoken conversations they’d exchange across the room with a simple exchange of glances.

By now Leyla had completely lost her ability to read Kyle.

“Leyla!” a new voice came, shaking her out of her memories.

Immediately, Leyla jolted back in attention and put down her cleaning brushes, before running towards the front of the house. It was the mailman! She immediately swung the door open, running out to excitedly receive the telegram delivered by her uncle.

She thanked him profusely for his hard work and he gave her a wave of goodbye. As soon as he was gone from her sight, she immediately went back inside and ripped open the envelope to read the letter Uncle Bill had sent her with a quick skim of her eyes. Immediately all the thoughts and worries flowed out of her, temporarily forgotten the more she read the letter!

Uncle Bill was coming back to Arvis in two days!



Lunch in the Arvis mansion was always a quiet affair, and it didn’t change even when Claudine was there, temporarily living under their roof. Soft clanging sounds of cutlery, and scraping sounds echoed along with light chatter among the three ladies in Arvis mansion.

The air around them was warm and pleasant as the beautiful spread of food was laid out in front of them. The sunlight streaming into the room made it seem as though spring had just arrived, despite the winter barely beginning its descent.

“I like it whenever Claudine stays in the mansion with us here,” Elysee praised the young girl, shooting a grin over her soon-to-be daughter-in-law. “Arvis feels so full whenever she’s around!”

“I completely agree,” Norma hummed, exchanging smiles with her companions, as Claudine gracefully set her utensils down and demurely wiped the food from her lips, “Having her around is very reassuring.” Norma finished.

“I’m very happy you both think so, my Duchesses.” Claudine beamed at them gracefully, “For a while I worried I was being burdensome, staying in Arvis for too long.”

“Nonsense, Claudine,” Norma assured her, before quickly glancing over to her grandson who had been quiet as he ate, “I’m sure had the wedding not been postponed due to unseen circumstances, you’d already be part of the family. Don’t you agree so too, Matthias?”


At hearing his name, Matthias finally looked up from his plate, and spared Claudine a glance, before giving the ladies his usual smile, a smile Claudine was all too familiar with. It was his polite smile, that although looked as though it held no ill-intentions, it sent cold shivers down her spine.

Only, Matthias wasn’t answering Norma right away. Instead, he grabbed a glass of water, and took a long, composed sip on his glass of water, making Claudine more uneasy about the changes with him. She had thought she’d stick to his usual style of giving short and succinct replies, but he wasn’t, and the conversation turned into different matters in Matthias’ silence.

Claudine wondered what Kyle was doing with the information she’d given him. Had he not confronted them about it?

Claudine’s hands, which were hidden beneath the table clutched tightly onto the table napkins, crumpling them in her tightened fists in worry. And then the topic quickly shifted about the recent rumors in Arvis.

The one about Leyla.

“I guess after what happened, the doctor’s son and the gardener’s foster child will always cross paths with each other.” Elysee sighed out with complete disinterest. Duchess Norma on the other hand, seemed to be excited with this information.

“Oh, you mean Kyle and Leyla? Oh what a lovely couple they could have been.” Norma sighed wistfully, “Had Mrs. Etman not done what she did, they would have been married by now!” she exclaimed indignantly on the wronged couple’s behalf.

“I remember seeing them as children, they really liked each other so much back then too! Got along swimmingly.” Norma continued to praise them, Elysee hummed in slight agreement.

“Yes, I can’t disagree with you on that.” Elysee told Norma, “Does this mean he’s ready to go against his mother’s wishes and elope with Leyla instead? Run away far from Arvis?” she asked a little more curiously than before.

Norma hummed and frowned at the thought.

“Do you think Kyle should start acting so callously now?” Norma asked back a little disapprovingly at the thought of Kyle going against his mother’s wishes. “Still, these are still just hearsays, we don’t know what’s really going on between them.”

Norma sighed and straightened out in her seat, before continuing.

“Besides, I think Kyle should give his mother a few more years to think about it. He’s still young, and has his whole life ahead of him. Time will tell whether he’ll really risk his relationship with his mother over a first love.”

Claudine blinked back in shock at the older matriarch’s words.


“I’m surprised you think that Duchess Norma,” Claudine piped up after she finished, “Don’t you like Leyla?” Claudine shot Matthias a discreet glance out of curiosity, yet he was still calmly eating his food as though he could care less about what was being talked about.

“Oh, I completely adore Bill’s niece!” Norma praised, “She’s absolutely a sight to behold and such a good-natured girl too, very agreeable that girl.” she smiled, before sighing out with a sad smile, “But marriage and feelings are a different matter, and it doesn’t matter if I like her or not.”

Norma proceeded to tell them that although Mrs. Etman was publicly shamed and ridiculed for her garish behavior which led to the engagement being broken off, no one could really fault her for her reasoning. Especially not with the upper-class mothers.

All mothers want only the best for their sons, Mrs. Etman was no different. She went about it the wrong way, but her heart was in the right place.

“Hmm,” Claudine nodded in understanding, “Though I really think Kyle wants to marry Leyla. He wants to be with her with all his heart.”

“I’m surprised you think so my dear,” Norma hummed towards her, “As your own family’s heir, shouldn’t you know by now that feelings don’t matter in marriages?” Norma asked her curiously. “Having an orphaned person as a daughter-in-law has no place in the Etman household in the first place.”

Norma didn’t mean it in any malicious way. It was just a fact in their society.

Claudine nodded at the older matriarch in understanding like the good girl that she was. She chanced a glance over to Matthias, to gouge out his own reaction to what his grandmother just said.

‘Just this once,’ She wished in her mind, ‘Let me see behind his mask.’

But Matthias was good at pretending. He only looked at his grandmother with an agreeable smile on his face. The fact he could pretend so indifferently unnerved Claudine deeply.

Yesterday afternoon, Claudine had been with the two Duchesses, and they all spotted Leyla walking weirdly through the woods as though she was trying to hide from anyone’s sight. What Claudine regretted most was how the other two Duchess had to witness how pathetic Leyla was acting, even though she was sneaking around just to meet up with the Duke.

‘Are you happy having the love of this kind of a man, Leyla?’ Claudine wondered as she looked at the Duke’s gentle smile that he would dole out to any noble woman, ‘No, does Matthias even know how to love someone?’

Finally, she averted her gaze from him, feeling that small pity she held for Leyla for capturing the attention of such a cold-hearted man. Leyla had already lost Kyle Etman, someone who undoubtedly loved her as though she was the only treasure in the world, and now she was subjected to the whims of a powerful ice king.


In Matthias mind, he saw no need to butt into their conversation. What his grandmother had said was a fact he wouldn’t dispute. And she was also correct in her assessment of Leyla, it was why he wanted her as his mistress. Because in doing so, he’d have her and not completely destroy the prospects of his future.

He was only doing what he must do.

All in all, lunch between them was an uneventful affair, ending with Claudine continuing to spend time with her soon-to-be in-laws for some tea, while Matthias opted to go out for a walk alone in the forest.

Afternoons in Arvis had most of the birds chirping overhead in the trees, echoing clearly throughout the quiet nature as the warm sunlight shed light all over everything.

Matthias took off in the familiar forest path, with an inexplicable sense of restlessness deep within his chest. Almost as though they were overriding his rational thoughts, filling his head completely with the idea of breaking off his engagement with Claudine…

And putting Leyla in that place instead.

Just up ahead, saw the unmistakable cabin that housed that person that restlessly filled his mind. He hadn’t intended to be here, but he wasn’t intending to turn around and go back. Instead, he pushed on with a renewed vigor in his steps as the sunlight continued to bathe him in its warm glow.

Spring really is coming.



When Leyla got back to Arvis, the sky had been covered with red and orange hues as the sun sunk in the west. She was pedaling as fast as she could, not wanting to reach home by dark. There was a brown paper back on her bike’s basket, rustling against the wind as she picked up speed.

She had gone out to buy some ingredients for Uncle Bill’s favorite foods as his welcoming feast. She could only imagine the stories he had for her upon his return when they’d sit by the table to eat the meal she would cook. She really was looking forward to seeing him again!

Maybe by then, she’ll also be able to find the courage to convince her Uncle to move away from Arvis with her. To start their lives anew away from the Duke.

Convincing him would take some time, but it wasn’t impossible. She knew with Uncle Bill by her side, all will be right in the world again. He kept saying that to her when she was young after all. He’d talked about his own dreams about moving away from Arvis when the work would get too much for him.

Of course, his moving away did not mean far from Arvis. He wanted to stay close, but within the estate grounds. She was certain she could convince him to move farther away. And once she could leave with him, she’ll look for a different job.


She’d teach new students in a new school, and forget about Arvis, and continue life with Uncle Bill and live happily ever after! Much like they did in Arvis before this whole thing with the Duke started.

The more she dreamed about what may be, the lighter the feeling in her got. She’d been thinking about this ever since she asked for a transfer to a different school far away from Arvis. She even got rid of the new clothes and shoes he’d bought her.

They were not what she was after all. They didn’t scream Leyla Lewellin.

It wasn’t right for her to be selfish and take them as compensation for what he’s doing to her. She knew how deep the poison of greed could get and wanted nothing to do with it. All she wanted is to erase every bad thing that fell on her that night in the gazebo, that night she first interacted with the Duke.

Until she’d erase the image of him entering her life, talking amicably with her fiance.

But before that, she must first organize all the things she’d bought, and then change into more comfortable clothes. And then she’d head out to feed their livestock. Things were going to get busier, so she had to be more productive.

She was finally within sight of her cabin, and let out a pleased sigh at seeing her home, and quickened up some more, eager to get home as she rode down the forest path. She should also start preparing for her dinner and get the house warmed up too!

She parked her bike in front of the cabin, grabbing the shopping bags with her as she opened the door to let herself in. In her excitement, she completely failed to notice the presence of her current companion…

“Welcome back, Leyla.” A cool voice from behind greeted her, a cold shiver shooting up her spine at the sound of that unmistakable voice. In her shock, she scrambled to catch the bag she had been carrying in her haste to look at her trespasser!

There, seated on her dearest uncle’s chair, was none other than Matthias, sitting in crossed legs, as he lounged back in his seat. He was looking at her in an intense gaze that made Leyla feel he was about to do something to her.

She wanted to believe this was all just a nightmare, that she was seeing things, but she wasn’t. He really was in her own home!

“Wh-why are you here!?” she squeaked out, stuttering in his sudden presence. Matthias only shrugged as he looked around.

“It’s my property, why should I not be here?” he asked her with a hint of a challenge.

“It might be your estate, but you’ve given us this place as our home!”

“And so what if it is?”

Leyla couldn’t help but scoff at his callousness and disregard of their privacy.

“It means you can’t just invite yourself to come in here as you please!” She immediately put the shopping bag down by the edge of the kitchen table, before going back to face him and firmly gestured towards the door. “Leave.” She demanded from him.

Matthias held her gaze as he slowly stood up in his seat, and stalked over to her with a smirk like a predator would to a prey. He took a once over at her body, before the smirk slid off his face at the sight of her shoes.

Once again she was wearing those awfully stained shoes, when it was clear he made her throw them away. Even her coat wasn’t the one he’d bought for her to wear. He clearly adored her stubbornness, sure. But something churned deep in Matthias’ gut at the thought of her disregarding what he’d just given her.

And he didn’t like that.

Leyla thought he was finally leaving and grabbed the door handle to hold it out for him as he left. But as soon as she tried to swing the door open, Matthias quickly whirled her back to face him, and slammed the door behind her, pinning her against the door.

Leyla’s breathing grew ragged as she looked up at him in fright. And then Matthias dipped his head down…

Taking Leyla’s lips into a searing kiss.


Chapter 93.




I Love Him.







Leyla immediately pushed his lips off of her, allowing the kiss between them to break but didn’t manage to get free from him.

“Please just go!” She exclaimed, glancing around in fear as she tried to find an escape route. Seeing her back in these shabby clothes, and poor state of dress couldn’t help but mock Matthias’ rose tinted glasses on their last moments in Carlsbar.

Matthias had already felt foolish when he found himself in the empty cabin. He was feeling lost without Leyla, and just kept walking around as he ran the memories of her over and over in his mind.

He had entertained thoughts of letting her go like she was nothing to him. But it seemed he was the one who was nothing to her! But he can’t help but want her too. She possessed something in her that drove him wild beyond what his mind could comprehend!

And it’s been like that for a long time now. Perhaps, ever since the beginning.

“What is wrong with you?!” Leyla couldn’t help but ask him as tears threatened to escape her, “You don’t have any right to do this to me!” she quickly darted out from under him, but just as quickly as she escaped, he pushed her into the kitchen table, making the shopping bag tumble off the edge, and sounds of glass jars being broken clanged in the kitchen.

“Right?” Matthias asked her, a hint of incredulity in his tone, “You think I have no right?”

“Yes!” Leyla spat back at him, “You don’t have any right to come here and do these things with me!”

Once again, she couldn’t help but feel foolish at how she allowed herself to lower her guard around him all because of that one day in Carlsbar. That day was now just another distant dream. She shouldn’t have expected anything different from him.

This would always be how things would be with Matthias.

“I am already catering to whatever you want me to do, so why do you insist on making my life so miserable?!” she persisted, “Didn’t you give me your word to never come here?! To my cabin with my uncle!?”


She tried to push him away again, but she was physically weak against him. He grabbed her by the waist, securing her tightly towards him as she continued to struggle, making sure she didn’t have any room to escape from him.

It only made Leyla more frustrated with him.

She’d seen the Duke and Claudin by the stables on her way back just yesterday, being such a typical couple. She’d stop by because the stable keeper was a close friend of her uncle, so she went to help by pulling a cart full of hay behind her. Afterwards, she would feed the cattle they were raising in Arvis just as she did every other day.

He had offered to pull the cart for her, but Leyla had insisted she could handle it, firmly refusing his help.

And she was successful, but she found herself in an unexpected place.

Lady Brandt was with the Duke walking, with her arm in his, down the path located between the stables and the forest.

It was odd seeing her there, because she wasn’t the type of woman to be casually taking a stroll outside of the mansion, or the nearby promenade in the estate. Leyla was terrified at the idea of Claudine noticing her, and immediately hid behind the trees in an attempt to remain inconspicuous.

At that moment, Claudine’s head whipped back to her direction, but Leyla saw no indication she had been spotted. After a few tense moments of Leyla wishing to every deity up above she would remain unseen, they resumed their walk until they disappeared in Leyla’s line of sight.

Without wasting more time, Leyla immediately hauled the partially filled cart behind her through the trees, heart racing at the close call. She tried not to run too fast as the hays began spilling out of the cart, but she still returned home in record time, with a few hays bundled in her arms.

She looked like an absolute mess, with strands of hays sticking on her clothes and out of her hair.

That strange feeling in her chest was back again. It happened every time she’d see those two together, which she chalked up to her guilt for Claudine, and fear of Matthias. Still, it was almost like a mix of relief, shame… and oddly enough, sadness.

“Why are you even doing this now?!” Leyla cried out, “Were these days too boring without your daily dose of tormenting me that you would rather come here just to amuse yourself?!”

She wanted him to give her answers and to tell her why! Why, out of all the girls, he chose her to play with? Why did he keep coming back just to make her life a living hell? She knew it was meaningless to ask, but she wanted to lash out at him.

To make him suffer as she did. To feel all the pain he caused her.


These emotions were clawing at her walls, gnawing at her thoughts that she has every reason to torment and disrespect the Duke! And she wanted to see it too. Just the thought of seeing the hurt in him made her feel a different kind of exhilaration, she wanted it now.

The more she thought back to that day in Carlsbar, the more the rage in her was fuelled.

“You talk too much Leyla.” Matthias finally spoke in a calm voice, as he glared down at her shuddering form. But her words kept ringing around in his head, echoing them louder and louder, making his grip on her tighten up.

Leyla froze in shock at the coldness in his tone, but she refused to back down as fiery resentment blazed inside her chest.

“Then I suggest you stop playing around so much!” she hissed, “You’re a real piece of work, you know that? Always do what you want and then leave as soon as you’re done having your fun with no regard for anyone else but yourself!”

As she spewed out everything she’d been holding back, she kept her eyes on him, locking gazes with Matthias, not willing to let go. She was eager to see that hurt in his eyes.

“So tell me, Duke,” she said his title with such contempt, “Do you want your plaything to undress for you? Oh! But I remember you find it so dull! You know what? You’re so used to doing what you want anyway so go ahead!”

She dared him, finally stopping her resistance in his hold.

“Go ahead and take me in whatever way you want then. I don’t care either way. Not anymore.” She finished, heaving a breath as she waited for him to make a move.

“Stop this nonsense Leyla.” Matthias scolded, a frown marring his features, yet Leyla remained indifferent, a sense of satisfaction filling her at the shaky tone in his voice.

“Why? Am I getting too boring for you already? Come on! Didn’t you say I’m so amusing to you?” she asked again, “You see, this is all that you’re good for, Duke Herhardt. You take and take and take, until nothing you like is left for you to take and then throw it out.”

Matthias’ breathing quickened with every word Leyla let loose.

“So just throw me away now, and I’ll thank you for it.” She felt him loosening his grip on her waist and stood a little taller in front of him. “In fact, it’ll be the one good thing you’ll ever be able to do for me – ACK!”

A stinging sensation was left on her cheek as she was suddenly facing the table. Matthias wasted no time in grabbing her by the waist, and laid her out on the table as she whirled around to face him, a hand cupping her reddened cheek from where he backhanded her.


“And how about you?” Matthias growled as he pinned her down on the table, forcibly slotting his body between her legs, bunching up her skirt around her waist, “Aren’t you loving the way you drive me crazy too?” he asked her, a manic look in his eyes as he stared at her.

He immediately took hold of her wrists, even the one that had just been cupping her cheeks and held them in one hand to pin on the table, in the spot above her head. Leyla looked up at him with a smug look of her own.

“Perhaps just as much as you enjoy seeing me cry.”

Once more, Leyla reminded herself to never cry in front of him. She must hold herself together, until she’d see the torment in his eyes…

But then her expectations were shattered when Matthias began chuckling slowly to himself, before blowing out into a fully blown manic laughter and threw his head back as he laughed at her. When he looked back at her, she could only see the face of a person who had finally snapped out of his sanity.

“Then, don’t you think it’s only fair by now to see you cry too, my Leyla?”

Wasting no time, his free hand grabbed Leyla by the chin roughly. She was certain he would be leaving not just hickeys on her skin by the end of the night. She only prayed they’d be gone by the time her uncle returns.

However, she wasn’t one to back down easily with Matthias, but he won’t let her continue to speak, clamping her jaw shut with his strong grip around her mouth.

“Then, let’s begin our pleasurable deal with each other, shall we?” he purred in a low baritone, before she heard the sound of cloth ripping and the sensation of the cool air hitting her legs before he drowned her in the beginning of heated kisses he would leave with her tonight.



The last few days was the time Kyle needed to stop sending himself into a panic attack at Claudine’s words. He needed to distance himself for a while to organize his thoughts before he could even begin to confront Leyla with Claudine’s accusations.

It was getting late, but Kyle knew by now Leyla was back in her cabin, and he could talk to her there alone, without any prying ears or eyes to spread further rumors about them.

He still had that nagging feeling of a small chance that what Lady Brandt had been telling him was true, but his loyalty to Leyla made him refuse to entertain it. He’d go over there, and lay his mind to rest, and Leyla would assure him all that Claudine said was a lie.

He believed Leyla. He knew she wouldn’t lie to him, not with this.

‘But what if she confirms everything is true? And that’s why she’d never go back to you?’


There was that nasty voice in the back of his mind again, growing louder the longer he put it off. He’d been yelling at himself to shut up for hours on end since he returned from Carlsbar, but it kept going louder and louder, making him lose sleep and more of his waning sanity.

But if it is even true, maybe Leyla was in trouble! He needed to help her! He knew she wouldn’t ask for help, so that’s why he must go to her and assure her that he has her back, all she needed to do was to let him.

He eventually stopped in front of her dark cabin. He took a pause outside as he slowly got off his bike, parking it beside the cabin’s storage hut. Was Leyla asleep?

Should he come back tomorrow?

‘No,’ Kyle thought to himself as he approached the cabin’s entrance with a determined look, ‘It’s better to rip the band-aid off quickly.’

But the more he got closer, the nasty voice in his head grew louder, making his anxiety worse and his stomach churned uncomfortably with every step he took. There were odd sounds coming from inside the house, but it was so muffled that he couldn’t hear it clearly…

He went to knock on the door, but a light gust of wind blew past him, making the door swing minusculely open. Kyle paused as his heart froze, he could clearly hear some ragged breaths inside.

Quietly, he pushed open the door.

Thump…

Thump…

Thump…

His heartbeat thundered in his chest as the ringing in his ear grew louder, drowning out that nasty voice in the back of his mind. He could feel his breathing quickening at the sight of a fallen bag of groceries on the floor thrown haphazardly all over…

The next he saw some shards of glass glinting in the moonlight…

The next he saw was a fallen bag of groceries, with some shards of glass glinting in the moonlight…

And then he was drawn to the sounds of the table squeaking as it rocked back and forth. In the dark, he could faintly make out a silhouette of a man rutting on the table’s surface. He was huddled over something he couldn’t make out just yet as he groaned, breathing in ragged breaths…

And then he could hear more sounds, like flesh slapping sloppily against each other, and the unmistakable sound of a woman moaning. And then his eyesight adjusted, he could see the tight grip of a smaller arm, fingers digging into the man’s clothed back…


And then his eyes adjusted further, that he could make out a golden color of the woman’s hair beneath the man’s form, and the way her legs wrapped around the man’s waist with a face full of bliss…

It was…

“Leyla…” he breathed out in a shocked daze, and Leyla’s eyes snapped open as she finally took note of their unexpected guest. Even Matthias stilled in his movements, his looming form seemed to be hiding Leyla from his view, but Kyle could see Leyla’s flushed face as she stared at him with wide eyes.

Time stopped as the three of them all locked gazes with one another, until the ringing in Kyle’s ears turned into a deafening silence, and his breathing calmed down to a stop before his eyes shifted to look at the Duke with an indecipherable gaze.

Matthias finally straightened out, his clothes having long been rumpled over the beginnings of what could have been another night of pleasure, while Leyla was only partially undressed, the top of her dress hanging off her shoulders, as her breasts laid bare for all to see.

Kyle’s eyes were fully adjusted by now, and could see the blooming hickeys left on Leyla’s collarbone, as well as the forming wrinkles on the Duke’s usually pristine clothes. He looked so unbothered too at being discovered, while Leyla hurriedly got up to right her clothes…

Alarm bells began ringing the back of Kyle’s mind, but the voice in his head stayed oddly quiet…

“What are you guys doing?” He couldn’t help but softly ask them instead, body numb at what he had just witnessed. Matthias only stared at him nonchalantly as he straightened up to his full height, allowing Leyla to scramble behind him to cover her indecency.

“What do you think we’re doing?” he asked the new arrival.

And then Kyle’s world turned red…

He could barely register Leyla calling out for his name, begging for him to stop as he wrestled with Matthias. He had just tackled Matthias with a scream of rage, yelling profanities at how lowly he was treating Leyla.

He’d hit Matthias, and the Duke would hit back just as hard, but the adrenaline running through his veins made him oblivious at how poorly matched he was.

The only thought he could think about was how he should be protecting Leyla from such a vile man!

At some point, Matthias spared Leyla a glance, and completely missed the fist Kyle threw out to him while Leyla rushed to Kyle’s side, as he was momentarily shocked.

Matthias could feel the taste of copper filling his mouth.

“What have you done to Leyla?! are you human, how can you do this??!!! “ screamed Kyle as he grabbed her wrist, “Let’s go, Leyla. I… … I’ll save you. Let’s leave.” They both were pleading with each


other by now. Leyla kept insisting that Kyle should just leave her behind and that she was fine, while Kyle yelling at him accusations and promises of taking Leyla away from Arvis, while …

And it just made Matthias’ blood boil and grabbed Kyle away from Leyla and resumed their fighting. In Matthias’ mind, Kyle must disappear, and then Leyla can be his!

“Kyle!” Leyla screamed out worriedly as she watched in horror as the two men threw fists at each other once more!

Kyle was not a fighter, Leyla knew that best, it’s what she liked about him. But Matthias was. He was a seasoned soldier, who had fought in battles before, Kyle had no chance of winning against him!

She could see the way Matthias was pummeling Kyle, and she feared if she couldn’t stop them from going further, Kyle would end up dead because of her…

“Kyle, stop it please!” she yelled out, tears falling down in rivers from her eyes. “Duke stop!” Still, not one of them seemed to be listening to her anymore, both men had their senses overridden by adrenaline and anger.

“Stop!” she screamed, voice cracking as she yelled out in frustration and fear, yet both men remained deaf to her cries…

“I love him!” she exclaimed, her sudden declaration stilling both men into a stop as she sobbed desperately at Kyle’s now swollen eyes, “I love him, Kyle… I love him…” she cried out as her heart broke for a second time at seeing the fierce protectiveness in Kyle’s eyes diminish in front of her…

Matthias looked down, spitting the blood out of his mouth as he finally got off of Kyle’s prone form, finally calm enough to let the man stagger up to his feet to approach his woman.

“It’s not true… Leyla, tell me it’s not true and I’ll protect you this time… I swear it…” Kyle whispered as he stared desperately in front of her through his remaining good eye, but Leyla only shook her head at him as she continued to sob at how terrible he looked…

And it was all because of her.

“I love him Kyle,” she lied through her teeth, before taking a deep breath to look at him more calmly to convince him, “And that’s the truth.”


Chapter 94.




I Know Everything.







Leyla had to avert her eyes from the betrayed look Kyle held in his eyes. She couldn’t bear to look at him after that, letting tears flow freely down her cheeks at the way her heart was tearing apart in the knowledge she had to hurt Kyle to save him.

Kyle could feel the aches Matthias’ blows dealt him with, but none of them hurt as much as Leyla telling him she loved the Duke…

But seeing her cry in front of him hurt even more, as her tears hit the back of his hands that lied limply in front of him. So with a shaky hand, he went to gently cup her cheeks, futilely wiping her tears away. It was like she was sapped of all her spirit.

He took in her appearance, eyeing bitterly the telltale signs of what they were about to do, like her tangled locks, and her haphazardly clothed torso. He could even feel the way she began to shake in his hands…



“So please Kyle, stop this,” Leyla whispered softly, “I did do it with the Duke, but not because of what you thought.” she continued to say, unable to look at him in the eyes.

Kyle could faintly feel his heart breaking apart, mistaking her avoidance to look at him because of shame at loving the Duke. At that point, Matthias moved forward, ready to pull Leyla away from Kyle’s grasp when the battered man shot him a glare.

He could see the smug look on the Duke’s face, and it made Kyle’s blood boil, but he tampered it down, because he didn’t want to cause any more trouble for Leyla. Which brings him to another concern about their affair…

“You’re already engaged.” Kyle hissed lowly through his cut lips, glaring at the Duke with his remaining good eye. “To Lady Brandt, I might add.” Matthias only shrugged as if that fact held no meaning for him.

Even despite the blooming bruise on his cheek, Matthias held himself up high and composed. One would almost think he was just a passerby in the recent fight that ensued moments prior. How could he remain so nonchalant?!


Wasting no more moment, Matthias scooped Leyla into his arms, pulling her away from Kyle. He made sure Kyle was watching as he pulled out a handkerchief and successfully wiped away the tears in Leyla’s face, trailing kisses over the tear streaks and gently ran his fingers through her hair…

He locked eyes with Kyle’s broken form as he pulled Leyla into a soft kiss.

And just like a final nail to the coffin, Kyle’s heart shattered at the sight of them kissing each other so easily in front of him. He watched as the Duke’s eyes finally closed, and Leyla sank further into his chest…

‘How could this happen?!’ Kyle thought, salty tears now flowing down his cheeks, stinging the cuts on his face and lips but he welcomed that pain anyway. It was like he was on the brink of insanity, but at the same time, all the pieces clicked into place.

He watched as Matthias pulled away from their kiss, and casually unbuttoned Leyla’s blouse, to button them up properly and fix her clothes.

‘How long have they been doing this?’

“Their relationship blossomed right after you left for the capital, Kyle, did you know?” Claudine’s mocking voice echoed faintly in the back of his mind…

“I’ll come back as soon as our uninvited guest leaves you.” Matthias announced softly, and Leyla nodded tersely at him, refusing to make eye contact as fresh tears flowed down her face. Matthias planted one last kiss on her lips gently, before swiftly taking his leave after giving a slight nod to Kyle.

Kyle didn’t know how long he sat limply on Leyla’s cabin floor, the air around them having stilled in place and the silence deafening him. He completely missed the genuine concern Leyla gave him, along with the fear she had just shown.

The next thing he had managed to register was Leyla’s hands reaching out to him, and the muffled question of how he was feeling before all his hurt and anger welled up in him.

“Don’t touch me!” he hissed slowly, making Leyla’s hands stop right in front of him. He didn’t want to look at her, he didn’t want to see the hurt in her eyes when he had so much hurt inside him too!

So he looked down resolutely on the ground, body brimming with pain and resentment over both her and the Duke.

Leyla looked at Kyle’s face in shock, another set of tears welling up in her at the sound of his voice. He’d never spoken so coldly to her before, and it made her freeze.

Kyle didn’t want to stay around Leyla any longer, so despite his limbs screaming at him for rest, he staggered up to his feet, almost tumbling over as the adrenal fatigue came crashing onto him, making him feel every pain in his body tenfold.


“Of all the people I expected this from, not once did I think you could do this.” Kyle whispered, the betrayal seeping out of his voice, “How could you do such a thing, Leyla?”

“Kyle, I’m so sorry, I-”

“Is this why you discarded me so coldly?” he couldn’t help but ask, forcing his shaking fists to stay on his side, afraid to lash out on Leyla despite the hurt she’d just given him, “To be his mistress? Is this the life you wanted all along?” He heaved a sob, failing to keep the tears from spilling once more from his eyes…

He wanted her to deny his accusations, to yell, get mad at him for believing such a blatant lie! But she didn’t, she only stood there, looking so dejected.

“I really am sorry.” She squeaked out softly, “I didn’t mean to hurt you like this Kyle.”

What good was her sorry? It only served as an insult for Kyle. He wanted to lash out, scream and yell until everyone nearby would hear his despair…

But he had more questions.

He glanced around the darkened cabin, remembering every single moment he had passed through the threshold. This was his second home. He felt like he belonged here, once upon a time. He had many good core memories here, like when he and Leyla were children, sitting on the chairs with their legs swinging back and forth as they excitedly chatted with one another.

If the table could make them see its memories, it would have reminded him of all the secrets they shared, the jokes and laughter they had, and the dreams they made with one another.

Unfortunately, it would also remind him of the way Leyla had been in the arms of a man, engaged to wed another.

“Since when did this whole thing begin between you?” Kyle asked softly, eyes still trailed on the table. “Were you just waiting for me to disappear all this time?” He could hear Leyla’s soft denials amongst her sobs.

“So I just unfortunately stumbled upon you, is that it?” Kyle asked, finally looking at Leyla. She looked so ashamed as she shook her head, implying this wasn’t the first time either, but it wasn’t because he was gone. It made Kyle feel ashamed for being so antagonizing with her, but he needed to push through.

He also noticed how thin Leyla had gotten. She was fuller before, healthier too. And it reminded him why he needed to keep questioning Leyla. For her own good.

“Leyla, can’t you stop being with him?” he pleaded softly, heart softening up before he brushed off her tears once more, “You know he’s getting married, who he’ll be married to.” He warned her in a whisper. “I know you know the consequences, surely you don’t want that!”


Because he still remembers how much she shined when she’d tell him about her dreams for the future. Her enthusiasm infected him deeply as she described how she’ll be in a few years or so. She wanted nothing more than researching birds, and traveling to distant places to see them!

Staying with the Duke would only root Leyla in place. She won’t be able to live as freely as she does now, not when the news of their affair would come out.

“You’d have to give up everything just to stay with him, Leyla,” Kyle added softly forcing her to look him in the eyes, gently cupping her face in an angle that would let her, “Do you understand Leyla? You could lose yourself to him.”

Memories of Leyla’s wistful expression when they discussed their marriage, confiding in him how many children she wanted, the type of house they would live in. That much wasn’t fake. Leyla loved him before.

All he wanted was for her to love him again. To choose him again.

‘Please,’ Kyle pleaded in his mind, ‘See me Leyla, choose me.’

“I know.” Leyla finally answered back softly as she gazed at him with pitying eyes, “And I am willing to stay with him despite that.”

“Leyla-”

“I’m sorry, Kyle.” Leyla swallowed down the desire to wrap him in a warm embrace. Instead, she put her hands on his shaky ones, and softly pulled away from him, before stepping back.

“You must leave now.” she softly demanded of him. Kyle searched her eyes for any lie, but there was only stubbornness reflected in them.

After a while, Kyle nodded in compliance at her, before staggering outside of the cabin. As soon as he got outside, Leyla closed the door shut behind him.

With only the moon as their witness, two broken hearts cried for a great love that had finally run its final course, never to be together again.








Claudine had caught a glimpse of Kyle hurriedly exiting Arvis estate, but there was still no sight of Matthias.

She had been informed moments before dinner that her fiance had expressed his wishes to dine separately for the day, and would be staying in the annex. It wasn’t uncommon of him to do so, he’d


done it several times before. Yet, Claudine couldn’t help but wait for any sign of him curiously as she watched the still garden outside.

He had given them the excuse of work pulling him away, but Claudine was no fool. She had a feeling what he’d been up to in the annex.

‘I wonder if the three of them had their own confrontation yet,’ Claudine wondered idly to herself as she stood in front of her window, ‘But if that was true, then why haven’t I seen Matthias surface yet? Kyle’s already left.’

Claudine had always been much too curious for her own good. It was an unfortunate flaw in her she tried to curb, but she must know what happened so far. Immediately she turned to grab her coat, securing it around her before venturing out of her room.

In no time at all, she found herself walking through the forest alone, and giggled to herself at how ridiculous she currently looked like. This was unlike her, but the things she must do to quench her thirst for knowledge had her doing many things others would deem ridiculous.

And right now, her point of interest was Matthias and Leyla’s relationship progress. That and her Brandt pride couldn’t just let their affair off the hook despite their less than desirable reasons.

The forest was different in the light of the moon. In the morning it seemed so full of life and bounty for them, but in the night, there was a gloomy feel in the air. Claudine picked up her pace, nimbly stepping around any roughness on the ground, while white puffs of air escaped her.

Soon, she had reached the riverside. She paused for a while, feeling relief fill her lungs. She looked up at the annex, and saw a lone light coming from it. It made her frown, wondering if perhaps Kyle had missed seeing them, and had gone to Leyla’s instead.

‘He must have brought Leyla here, then.’ She hummed to herself. ‘Though I was so certain he’d gone to Leyla instead.’

Deeming her curiosity satiated momentarily, she decided it was time for her to return, when suddenly the light went out in the annex. Interest piqued, Claudine felt a rush of thrill shot through her as she quickly hid behind one of the willow trees.

She waited for a while, wondering why the light went out, when soon enough, a lone figure emerged from the annex’ entrance.

It was none other than her fiance, Matthias von Herhardt.






When Kyle had finally left, Leyla immediately got to cleaning up the mess in the kitchen, scrubbing blood stains off her floor. She wasn’t really thinking about anything in particular, her mind kept rewinding the horrific events just moments earlier as her hands moved robotically.

Once that was done, she soon found herself curled up on the bed, staring off into space. She left the door unlocked, not wanting to have to rise up to greet the cruel man when he’d return.

And return he did after her silent torment. He’d knocked to let her know he was back, but she made no sound in acknowledgement, the fight in her having long been extinguished along with Kyle’s trust in her.

Besides, if she left him locked out, it would only provoke him to do more terrible things towards her.

He gave another knock, but when even that was left unanswered, he turned the knob open, and let himself in. The floorboards creaked beneath his weight as he took slow, gentle steps towards where her room would be.

With click on the soles of his leather shoes growing closer, the higher the indignation in Leyla’s chest rose.

A third knock came as soon as he came upon her door, and Leyla couldn’t help but chuckle mirthlessly to herself.

‘Always so dignified.’ She mocked him in her mind. ‘Even when it comes to ruining a whole person’s life.’ she finished bitterly in thought.

And then the door creaked open, the chill filling the room before Matthias finally crossed into the space of her solitude. Leyla spared him an icy glare, but Matthias remained indifferent, still dressed in the clothes he wore before, with splatters of blood on the corners of his collar.

She hated thinking it had come from Kyle, but the blooming bruise by the corner of her lips gave her a sadistic satisfaction.

Matthias stopped right in front of her fetal position, looking down at her with an amused expression on his face.

“I trust you both reached a pleasant closure, then?” he inquired, the fists Leyla hugged close to her chest tightened at remembering Kyle’s broken look when she denied him for the last time.

“You really are a monster.” Leyla hissed through her gritted teeth. Matthias blinked at her in surprise…

“What?”

“How could you do that to him?” She demanded from him, “How could you hurt Kyle like that!?” Matthias scoffed at her.

“It was his own doing.” He reasoned out, “If he hadn’t come seeking you out so late in the night, then I wouldn’t have had to hurt him.”


“You’re wrong!” Leyla exclaimed, shooting up from her bed as she rose to meet his eyes with a glare, “You’re the reason why he had to seek me out! You’re the reason for this whole mess I’m in!”

Leyla’s eyes glinted in the moonlight as she tamped down the tears starting to form, refusing to let him see her cry. A while ago it had been different. Her tears had been for Kyle, and she didn’t even think about Matthias.

But even with her harsh words, Matthias kept looking at her in wonder, stepping closer and shamelessly began to pet her on the head like he would an obedient dog. Leyla flinched when she felt his touch on her.

“Say it again,” he whispered, drawing closer to her, before cupping her cheeks to pull her closer to him, “Leyla, say it again for me.”

“What?” Leyla asked in confusion, “Say what again?”

“Say what you said to Kyle again,” Matthias ordered her softly, “Say you love me again.”

Leyla stood there in confusion for a moment, before all the anger and resentment in her faded, leaving only a blank face for Matthias to see. She then sighed out in disbelief before turning her face away from him, when he gripped her tightly to keep her eyes firmly on him.

“Don’t delude yourself Duke,” Leyla huffed out angrily as she met his gaze, “That had been a lie for Kyle’s sake.”

“Then lie to me again,” Matthias grinned, “I want to hear it again.”

“What for?” Leyla scoffed, “There’s no reason for me to repeat such a horrible lie in your presence.”

“Is it really so terrible Leyla?”

“Yes it’s terrible!” Leyla shrieked angrily, roughly slapping his hand away from her in indignation. “Don’t you see the gravity of the mess you caused tonight!? I had to hurt Kyle because of you!”

Matthias stood there in front of her, unresponsive, before something in his eyes turned dark. He lowered his gaze, until the shadows hid them from Leyla’s view. She watched him with bated breath, ready for whatever retaliation he had in store for her.

Suddenly, Matthias began to chuckle. It had been soft and slow at first, sending chills down her spine before she watched him throw his head back and clutched his stomach in a full-blown laughter.

When he looked back at her, that manic glint was back in his eyes.

“Oh! What a wonderful relationship you both have to be able to endure such tragedy for me!” He wiped the tears from the corner of his eyes before looking back at Leyla with a toothy grin, “Even I can’t help but tear up at the thought!”


“You’re despicable!” Leyla exclaimed, before squealing in fear when Matthias pulled her harshly towards him by the arm. But she bounced back quickly, having gotten used to his rough treatment of her. “Don’t mock Kyle!” she scolded him…

And suddenly Matthias’ stare got colder.

‘Kyle,’ Matthias thought bitterly, ‘It’s always Kyle this… Kyle that… I’m so sick. Of. Kyle.’

Even the way she tried to throw herself in the middle of the fight to pull him off the man grated at his nerves!

“So that lie was for Kyle’s sake?” he asked her calmly, but the menace in his tone was unmistakable.

“For Kyle’s sake, I’d do anything.” Leyla admitted freely in front of him. Matthias chuckled in a low tone, pulling Leyla’s body to his.

“You gave up your body for old Mr. Remmer’s sake,” Matthias purred, dipping his head low to be at eye level with her, “And you just gave up your heart for young Mr. Etman’s safety from me.”

He stopped right next to Leyla’s ear, his warmth breath sending shivers down her body in an uncomfortable way.

“My, what a martyr you are becoming Leyla.”

“If a martyr is what I should become to keep Uncle Bill and Kyle safe from the likes of you, then I’ll gladly be one!”

“I love him!” Leyla’s earlier declaration rang clearly in the back of her mind.

She wanted to take it back as soon as the words left her mouth, but she hadn’t. She’d done plenty of horrible things for her uncle’s sake, but the lie had hit her harder than she thought. It was like she had been forced to drive a stake into her own heart, and just kept twisting, making herself bleed more than she should.

“What’s the matter? Are you wishing for a martyr for yourself?” Leyla asked him mockingly. She might as well give him more of his own medicine back. After all, he’d been oh so generous with her!

“Have you eaten dinner yet?” Matthias hummed in wonder, quickly changing the subject, and therefore confusing Leyla. “You should eat first, you’ll need your strength for our time together soon.”

“How could you remain so callous about these things!?” she screamed at him, unable to reconcile him with such gentle and kind words of concern when she knew him to be anything but.


“I just watched myself destroy Kyle’s image of me! Do you get that in your rich and snobbish brain!?” she asked him, “I lied about my feelings for you so that he wouldn’t end up dead! And you think I’d still have the stomach to dine with you?!”

“Leyla Lewellin.” He called her out sharply, to get her to remain quiet, but Leyla was no longer listening to him with one of her worst fears having just been realized.

Matthias was stronger than her, sure, but she had the element of surprise, and surprise he was when he found himself being pushed abruptly onto Leyla’s bed. He was further astonished, and equally aroused when she hiked her legs on both of his sides, effectively straddling him.

“Let’s just do it already.” Leyla sighed out tiredly, nimble fingers popping off the buttons of her blouse, revealing more and more of her torso to Matthias’ greedy and lustful gaze.

“I love him!”

She wanted nothing more than to erase that moment in her mind, and losing herself in the sex between them was looking more and more appealing by the second.

“Come on, aren’t you in a hurry to be inside me?” Leyla challenged, bracing her arms on either side of his head after tossing her blouse onto the floor.


Chapter 95.




Light and Shadow.







When Matthias remained awestruck at Leyla’s sudden boldness, she proceeded to grasp him by the collar, ignoring the traces of blood on it and deftly unbuttoned his coat, and vest following afterwards.

Again, she tossed them over her shoulder, the clothes creating a dull thud behind her. She kept eye contact with him, noticing the way his breath hitched when she lightly grazed his collarbone with her fingers, as she splayed her petite hands on his chest.

Matthias watched in a mesmerized way, feeling his pants get tighter with each passing second.

Leyla dutifully proceeded to take charge, wanting nothing more than to drown herself numb of tonight’s events. She wanted to feel the hurt physically, and not just in her heart. She was practically throwing herself at him, begging for him to take charge just this once because she wanted it tonight…

She wanted his roughness.

Finally, Matthias snapped out of his daze, and pulled Leyla to him, making her sprawl on top. Leyla gasped when their bare chest made contact, Matthias’ warmth filling her up quickly, and she welcomed the growing heat pooling in her.

She surrendered complete control over to him, and Matthias was all too eager to please.

He quickly flipped them over, Leyla now lied beneath him as his hands inched down her sides, grabbing the hem of her skirt and began bunching it up to her waist, revealing her bare legs, underwear long discarded before Kyle even arrived.

She was glistening underneath, and he could feel his mouth water.

Leyla sighed out erotically as he planted soft, yet heated kisses on her inner thigh, her slender fingers grasping onto the tip of his head, lightly pulling at them, making him groan. Matthias held her lust-filled eyes, before diving into her wetness, tasting every inch of her.

Leyla’s back arched, gasping quietly in complete ecstasy, legs widening to accommodate him more. His fingers dug deeply into her thighs, her toes curling at the pleasure wracking her body until she felt herself go taut as she reached a sweet release…

Yet she needed more.


Matthias rose from between her legs, lips wet because of her, to climb over her body. She heard the telltale signs of him unbuckling his pants which soon joined the rest of their discarded clothes on the floor, legs quivering in anticipation for the main event.

He rubbed the blunt tip of his member against her entrance, and Leyla bit her lips in impatience.

Matthias grinned at her.

“Let me hear you Leyla,” he enticed, flicking her sensitive nub, “I want to hear you scream because of me tonight.”

And in one swift movement, he buried himself up to the hilt deep within her, making Leyla cry out at the sudden intrusion. A hand fisted on the sheets of her bed as she pushed her chest up, lost in the sensation, while the other firmly clamped on her mouth to silence herself.

But Matthias swiftly grabbed her arm, pinning it beside her face, and began to thrust in her. She writhed against him, hips rolling in tandem with his thrusts, but eyes completely unseeing as she stared up at him…

“Kyle… Kyle…” she gasped out, tears leaking out of her, which only served as a blow to Matthias’ pride.

“I love him!”

“Kyle…”

“I love him!”

“Kyle!” she cried out, and Matthias only picked up his pace, wanting to erase him from Leyla’s mind.

“I love him!”

There was a mix of resentment, anger and shame welling up in Matthias as she kept crying out for her past fiance. Her words were insulting at best, but that horrible lie she told in the night still rang so loudly in his mind, it drowned out the other man’s name.

He dipped his head, quickly devouring her lips into his own, as he shoved his tongue down her throat. Leyla moaned against his lips, their tongues battling for dominance as the sounds of flesh sloppily slapping against each other replaced their breathy moans.

Leyla’s eyes fluttered shut, mind completely overridden by the pleasure she submitted herself into, moaning relentlessly with every ministrations, spurring Matthias to hit her deeper as she clamped down around him.

“Leyla,” he growled, when she still sighed out another man’s name, “When are you going to stop holding onto him?”

Leyla’s breath shuttered, as her eyes kept shut, but the tension in her body made him aware she was returning to her senses.


“Open your eyes and look at me Leyla.” He commanded. His fingers dug into her waist from where he gripped her steady. Leyla cried out, stubbornly squeezing her eyes shut, but he only tightened his grip more, until finally, she revealed those emerald jewels to him as she glared hatefully at him.

Seeing her finally look at him gave him a deep sense of satisfaction, hands moving away from her hips, to thumb her on the sensitive nub of hers. Leyla’s eyes widened, head thrown back at the new simulation down below.

Her legs quivered and writhed as he continued his thrusts, while simultaneously swirling his thumb on her nub.

She was his woman. She wasn’t allowed to think of anyone else. If she had time to think about anyone else while he’s inside her, then he’ll just have to give her more than she was used to.

“Fine, be like that then.” Matthias growled when Leyla resumed covering her face away from him.

Suddenly, his thrusts stopped. Leyla gave out a whine when he pulled out with a wet squelch, and felt his hands grabbing her by the waist. She had a feeling what he wanted her to do now. It was one of his favorites.

And then Leyla found herself on her stomach, her lower body knelt on the bed, her backside raised in ample position for him to enter, while he pushed her shoulders down on the bed, her forearms bracing herself to ease the discomfort.

He draped himself all over her back, lightly rutting his member between the crevice of her backside as he planted more kisses on the nape of her neck, suckling the skin there to leave a mark…

Leyla’s hands gripped on the sheets in front of her, body shuddering when he left wet, sloppy kisses on her spine.

The bed creaked, and the sounds of their coupling resumed as Matthias buried himself deeper than before in their new position.

Leyla moaned, hips thrusting back to meet him once more, her body having a mind of its own as they both chased their own pleasure.

Matthias could feel the way she was coating him with her juices. He grabbed her by the hair, lightly pulling her towards him in a way that heightened the pleasure in Leyla as he buried two fingers along inside her, rubbing her sensitive nub once more.

At that moment, thoughts of her telling she loved Kyle was gone, replaced only by her desire for her relationship with Matthias to remain strictly physical.

Suddenly, Matthias stopped and pulled out with a groan, hand gripped tight on his member, before he began pumping himself, his blunt head rubbing against Leyla’s crevice, fingers firmly buried to his knuckles as he pistoned them in and out of her.


Leyla reached her climax in no time, coming with a keen sound escaping her lips. Moments later, she felt hot spurts being sprayed all over her backside when Matthias had also reached his own release.

Matthias watched as he painted himself all over her with white, licking his lips in appreciation as her sheets got soaked by their bodily fluids. He gently grabbed her by the shoulders, pulling her back flush against his chest.

He licked the sweat off the side of her neck, sniffing in her scent before stopping right beside her ear.

“Hate me all you want Leyla,” he whispered in her ear, hand grasping her chin to make her look at him, “But you can’t deny that you’re still mine.” And with that, he pulled her to a kiss, getting ready for another round with his mistress…

With his Leyla.

Leyla……

My Leyla…..



It took Claudine some time to catch up with Matthias. She’d taken her sweet time, not wanting to get too close to him in case he noticed her following.

As she expected, he led her straight towards the cabin she knew to be where Leyla lived with her uncle. She pondered moments in front of the cabin, her figure still hidden amongst the trees until she pushed forward, curiosity spurring her to move.

Still, the disappointment in her at how similar Matthias ended up being with other men who took women on the side despite their marriage couldn’t be helped. And to think she used to think so highly of him too!

She didn’t know why she was curious, but she noticed the door being left ajar, and strode in quietly in confidence, assessing the shabbiness of the cabin around them. As expected, the house was mostly dark, the lone lamp was the only source of light in the house she could see.

She waited for a few more moments, letting her eyes adjust in the darkness, when the growing sounds from one of the bedrooms caught her attention. The more she stepped closer to the sounds, the more she could make out the unmistakable sound of a woman’s soft moan, paired with the grunting of a man.



Matthias let out a satisfied sigh, plopping right next to Leyla’s limp form on her bed as they both heaved their breaths after another satisfactory round. Silence reigned between them, with Matthias staring up at the wall in contentment, and Leyla resolutely looking at the wall beside her, trying to make herself as small as possible.


He looked over at Leyla’s sweaty back, locks of her hair plastered behind her, and casually ran his fingers up her spine. She shuddered beneath his touch, yet refused to look at him. Matthias couldn’t help but smile despondently to himself.

He’d never felt such a rush of emotions before. It confused him greatly, driving himself mad as to why it had to be Leyla, but it was. Only she could invoke such confusing emotions in him, and yet she kept pulling away from him just when he thought they made great progress in their relationship.

The light in her room basked them both in a soft orange glow, and Matthias reached out for her once more, urging her to turn back to him. He heard her sigh upon his touch, before she finally turned back to him.

He cupped her cheeks immediately, and began wiping the sweat off her face with gentle hands, seeing the way her eyes were firmly shut, her breathing hitching with every caress.

Leyla wanted to push him away from her, but she was tired of fighting tonight. Her heart was still reeling with pain in her heart, but mostly numbed by her body’s own pain from straining herself in their intercourse. She can’t even open her eyes to look at him.

She was just so exhausted.

The longer the silence between them stayed, the more relaxed Matthias felt in her room. Once he was certain she was half-asleep, he pulled her into her arms, tucking her head onto the crook of his neck, and planting soft kisses on her forehead.

Leyla faintly thanked whichever deity was watching over that there would be no more rounds tonight, for she was already spent.

Matthias kept planting kisses all over her face. On her cheeks, the tip of her nose, behind her closed eyelids, and back on her forehead. He was so drunk in endorphins, he couldn’t find it in himself to stop these soft affections he gave her.

Leyla’s brows frowned, flinching her face away every now and then, her cute button nose wrinkling when he’d smoothen it out with another kiss again.

“Stop it.” she grumbled drowsily, with her eyes still closed.

“Say it again, Leyla…” He requested once more..

“Huh?” Leyla groggily asked, burying her face into his chest, muffling her voice.

“Say that you love me again.” He reiterated, “If you say that, I swear to give you everything you want.”

Leyla laughed mirthlessly at his false words. Despite how heavy her eyes felt, she mustered up the strength to look him in the eyes.


And just like that, the pain in her body diminished, and the one in her heart blooming in an unstoppable force once more.

Leyla brought a hand up to cover her eyes, rolling off of his chest as she lay on her back beside him, and proceeded to laugh at what a mess her life had gotten to be! She kept chuckling in that sad manner, until tears began leaking out her eyes…

“Shh, don’t cry, Leyla,” Matthias cooed, softly pulling her arm away from her eyes to dab then gently with a cloth. He proceeded to plant more kisses on her eyelids, to which she finally looked him in the eye, the laughter finally dying down…

“This is so weird.” She couldn’t help but point out as she stared into his eyes. They almost looked…

‘Regretful…’ Leyla thought before shaking it away. He wasn’t one who knew the meaning of that word. For that word to even have meaning, one had to possess a warm heart, but Matthias’ heart was stone cold.

“What’s so weird?” Matthias asked softly.

“You.” She sighed out, staring up at the ceiling blankly, “You’ve gotten weird lately.”

“Why?”

“Because you keep acting like this.”

“Like how?”

“Like you’re so concerned about me.” Leyla sighed out, looking back at him, “Didn’t you say you liked seeing me cry?”

Matthias hummed, eyes still focused on her tears, but feeling no satisfaction at the sight of it. He then looked back at Leyla in the eye, propping himself up with one hand to wipe her tears away better.

“Just don’t cry Leyla,” he murmured, giving her an encouraging smile, “Smile for me instead.”

Leyla raised a brow at him.

“Do you want me to smile for you now?”

“Perhaps.”

A few beats of silence, before Leyla’s face turned blank, still crying as she met his gaze.

“Then I guess you would never see me smile again.” She softly declared, face scrunching up as she finally sobbed her heart out in front of him. Matthias watched her in shocked silence, before he laughed to himself at her stubbornness…

Strangely, his heart began to feel hollow.


Leyla cried for the innocence she lost. She cried for her freedom being taken away. She cried for being involved with such a cruel man. She cried for having to hurt the people she loved in the world.

He was like a barbed wire, wrapped around her. The longer she struggled against him, the more she was only harming herself.

She was so, so tired of it all, and couldn’t help but sink into his warmth because it was all she could have. But most of all, she was crying because the cruel man she got involved with, was the first one to give her such warmth before…

‘I’m so disgusting!’ Leyla screamed in her mind as she huddled closer to him, seeking out the comfort only he could give her, ‘How can you make me feel like this!?’ She wanted to ask him, but bit her lips to stop the question from spilling out.

“One day, I will see you cry,” Leyla told him, the crying finally coming to a stop once she calmed down, “One day, I will give you a taste of your own medicine.”

She promised him. Matthias only chuckled at her.

“I’ll look forward to it.” He whispered, before kissing her on the lips.

Matthias used to think he was the one holding all the cards in their relationship. But maybe that wasn’t always true. Maybe, the cards had always been with Leyla, she just didn’t realize it.

Soon Leyla’s vision turned dark, the dreamscapes finally claiming her from her current reality. The next time she opened her eyes, dawn was breaking out of the sky.

She thought she was going to be alone, yet to her surprise, Matthias was still beside her, sitting up on her bed, leaning against her head board, and looking down at her with a contemplative look in his eyes.

Regaining her strength from her night’s rest, she shot him a glare.

“Why are you still here?” She asked him, “Shouldn’t you leave by now?”

Matthias nodded at her, giving her no verbal answer before he just stood up, having long been dressed.

He was only waiting for her to wake up.

Leyla watched him through lidded eyes, settling snuggly back into her bed. She watched as Matthias grabbed his discarded coat, putting it on, and turned back to look at her. Feeling conscious, she sat up and pulled the blanket around her, all the way up to her shoulders.

She waited for him to say something, not knowing Matthias was expecting the same from her too. The sun gently rose as they stayed in their positions, doing nothing but watch the other.

Sunlight crept into the windows, slowly revealing the vibrant colors of the world around them, signaling the both of them that it was time to say goodbye. She watched the vibrant blue in his eyes, reflecting the awakening blue skies outside.


Yet during the night, they reflected back dark pools like the night sky, echoing the deep sadness and hurt inside her.

Matthias walked towards her, dipping down to plant a kiss on her cheeks, before straightening up once more. He swiftly turned on his heels, and walked out in no particular hurry.

Leyla listened to his fading footsteps, until only silence remained with her.

Just her, and her tumultuous thoughts.

She clutched her nearby pillow to her chest, pulling it flush against her torso, before she plopped limply back onto the bed, curling into a fetal position. She burrowed into the pillow, trying to suffocate the sadness out of her to no avail, sending her off to another round of a listless sleep.

On and on it went during the rest of her morning.

Her eyes would flutter open to see morning light, before shutting back into darkness.

Open… close… open… close…open… close… open…

She awoke for the final time that morning, breathing out a resigned sigh before sitting up. She stretched her arms overhead, feeling her bones crack as she loosened up the kinks in her muscles from last night’s strenuous activity.

Sluggishly, she went to a bath, sinking into the warm water as she scrubbed away the traces he left on her body until the water remained clear. Once the water was drained, she remained in the tub, burying her face into her knees, hugging them close to her chest.

She breathed in the steam wafting all over her, wrapping her in fading warmth. Once the heat had all but disappeared, she finally moved out of her daze, intent to finally get dressed when a firm knocking echoed into her almost empty house, followed by a familiar voice, bellowing out her name.

It made Leyla freeze in place.

“Miss Lewellin!”

It was Mary, Claudine’s maid.


Chapter 96.




Exceptions of the Perfect Marriage.







Claudine found herself strolling along the rose garden. Their thin vines arched overhead on the pergola they walked under through, allowing the morning sun to seep through the gaps, but enough to make them remain in the shaded area.

She stopped for a moment, glancing around with a pleasant smile on the garden, before she finally turned to her companion.

“Ah, don’t you think the weather today is nice? Seems like spring really is arriving any day now! Don’t you think so too, Leyla?” She inquired, trying to engage the other woman in light conversation.

Leyla stood away from her, a few paces behind, and her head bowed pitifully as a stiff smile was held on her lips. She remained silent. Claudine tilted her head, raising a brow over to the girl.

“Leyla?” She prompted once more, and Leyla finally let out a grimace of a smile.

She was very pale as she stood in front of the Duke’s fiance, and her damp hair was tied haphazardly behind her, as she was prompted to come quickly in front of Lady Brandt. She barely had time to pick out some proper clothes.



She couldn’t help shivering at the droplets that drizzled down her hair and landed on her back.

“I- I agree as well, my Lady.” She answered softly. Claudine shot her a satisfied smile, before turning her attention back to the rose garden.

Leyla was acting just as she expected. Then again, Claudine also firmly believed if the Duke were to ever have just one mistress, it would always, and remained to be, one Leyla Lewellin.

Mistresses in the aristocratic class were not unheard of. In fact, having one was hardly special. But while the Lords would parade their mistresses like trophies on their arm, a mistress was a direct blow to a Lady’s worth.

She’s seen and heard of the many Lords who fell for the less desirable sorts. People like their own maids, or prostitutes. They all ended up being humiliated in front of society, especially when their husbands proceeded to make a fool of themselves for everyone to bore witness to.


That’s why, as far as wives and fiances were concerned, having a mistress of high stature in society was far better.

So perhaps Leyla wasn’t too much of a bad choice. She knew many wives who wished their husband’s mistresses knew their place to not act above a wife, and someone who wasn’t crude or vulgar. Leyla fit that criteria.

Additionally, she was considered to be intelligent among her peers, and beautiful. Despite her lower stature, she’s garnered a reputable life. People would think her, Claudine, a fool to ever complain about her fiance having such a mistress.

But as she thought earlier, all those qualities would be attributed as a praise for the Duke. Rumours about the Duke’s affair couldn’t be stopped, Claudine knew. And society will praise him for having found such a one-of-a-kind mistress! And where would that leave Claudine?

She’d be shamed twice. One for being an insufficient wife, and two, for the Duke’s mistress to be of lesser stature than her.

Claudine approached a nearby bench, flapping her handkerchief over a spot with a flick of her wrists before sitting down. The rose garden was in a transition between winter to spring season. She could spot the light dew glinting with sunlight and the lessened thickness of the snow around the ground.

A gentle breeze went past them, brushing lightly up against her rosy cheeks, billowing some locks of her hair and ribbons on her hat, behind her gently.

Events of last night came back to her, remembering the way she stood right outside the door as she listened to their love making. It was unmistakably Matthias. She would recognize his voice everywhere, but the words did not hear his profile.

Those gentle words, they did not seem as though they belonged to be said by such a foul man. If she were an idiot, she would have burst through the doors just to really see it for herself that he was the one saying them, and not someone else who just sounded like him!

But alas…

‘Should I have done that instead?’ Claudine mused to herself. It would probably have quieted the incessant disbelief she had in the back of her mind ever since she listened to them.

Ever since she returned to the mansion last night, Claudine had kept pacing in front of the window, which brought her a massive view of the forest path. She would have no trouble tracking Matthias’ return at that spot in the mansion.

So troubled, she hardly felt the need to sleep. And she was rewarded soon when Matthias returned at the crack of dawn.


She watched as he went up the stairs looking a little worse for wear, before he abruptly stopped in his steps, and looked back from where he’d come from. Almost like he was expecting for something to follow.

He stood there longer than just a moment, before finally continuing on his path, a sullen look on his face. Claudine had reached her decision by then.

She must act now. She didn’t have any more luxury to wait.

Matthias was becoming less and less of the Matthias she grew up around in her youth. He was getting harder to predict, and the same could be said about Leyla. Last night’s events bore witness to that.

She never expected Leyla to be writhing wantonly in the arms of her tormentor as though Kyle hadn’t just witnessed them moments before. She was getting bolder, and Claudine didn’t like that.

She finally spared her companion another glance. Leyla flinched when Claudine’s eyes went back to her.

“Why do you appear so nervous?” Claudine asked, taking off her gloves and holding them daintily in one hand, “People might begin to think I’m bothering you, if you act like that Leyla.” She smiled at her prettily, “Aren’t we just taking a walk together as friends?”

Leyla flinched as Claudine practically called her out.

“O-of course we are, m-my Lady.” She stuttered, resolutely standing away from her, turning pale in complexion.

“Ah well, that eases my troubles then.” Claudine hummed, shrugging her shoulders before adjusting her hat with ungloved hands.

Leyla couldn’t help but recall earlier events with Lady Brandt’s maid.

Mary had been insistent they needed to leave right away, barely giving Leyla enough time to get dressed and dry herself into a presentable manner. Even before Leyla had come to open the door, she kept calling and yelling for her name…

A repeated demand for her to hurry up and answer the door.

As soon as Leyla swung the door open, she was met with a cold and calculating gaze from Mary.

“I have been given a request to invite you over for a morning stroll Miss Lewellin.” She immediately said.

But despite her polite words, her tone implied Leyla had no room to refuse her mistress’ orders.

And that there was no further time for delay.

Hence Leyla’s less than presentable state of dress. Even her hair was a mess! As soon as they arrived, Leyla felt fear grip her heart at the sight of Matthias’ fiance waiting for her by the garden trail, smiling so amicably as though she was another one of her friends.


The two women remained in the garden in pregnant silence. The tension between them remained so thick, you could have cut it with a knife, even as Claudine sat down on the bench, and Leyla remained standing a few paces away beside her.

CLANG!

The sound of a bracelet hitting the stone floor broke the silence around them, as both looked down and saw the way the bracelet rolled on the floor, before wobbling to a stop. It was Claudine’s platinum bracelet, glinting on the stone floor as the sun’s rays hit it beautifully.

Claudine frowned as she felt her wrist grow light before hearing it fall. It seemed as though the clasp had gotten loose and broken through the many times she wore it.

“Oh my, can you help me Leyla?” She called out softly, and Leyla blinked, unmoving.

“Y-yes, my Lady?”

Leyla felt a little frustrated over this whole thing. Why was it that she had to be here? But when she met his fiance’s eyes, she immediately understood what Claudine was asking of her as soon as she shot her that toothy smile.

With an inaudible sigh, Leyla leant down to grab the fallen bracelet. Just as she was about to straighten out, Claudine’s foot moved, and stepped on the bracelet.

“Ah, m-my Lady-” Leyla’s breath hitched as she landed on her knees and looked up at Claudine, before her eyes widened in surprise and the intense look Claudine was giving her.

“On second thought, I think you should have it.” Claudine hummed, Leyla gulped up at her. “Oh, why do you look at me in such a way?” She wondered, before her foot moved up, and stepped right over Leyla’s fingers.

She didn’t make any sound, but her eyes started glinting and shimmering as Claudine pressed harder on her.

“Aren’t you happy I’m giving you something that’s rightfully mine?” she asked, tilting her head at the speechless girl, “After all, you have a knack for wanting what’s mine, don’t you?” She hummed thoughtfully, assessing her own pristine fingers before looking back down on Leyla.

Leyla refused to make any sound, though Claudine saw them twitch the more she applied pressure over Leyla’s fingers. Her tone was patient with Leyla, as though she was speaking to a naughty child.

Claudine felt a tinge of pity at how pathetic Leyla looked. Almost like she’s got a noose over her neck, waiting to snap it apart.

“Oh, don’t look at me like that, Leyla. It’s true isn’t it?” Claudine continued.


She bent down, and grasped Leyla’s face gently, caressing it softly with the tip of her sharpened fingernails. Leyla’s breath hitched once more.

“After all, don’t you seem so fond of my fiance?”

Leyla’s eyes widened in fear at Lady Brandt’s words.

“So why should my jewels be any different? Let’s stop kidding ourselves Leyla, it’s so unbecoming.” Claudine sighed in slight disappointment as she whispered against the poor woman’s ears.

Somewhere by the edge of the garden, stood Claudine’s aide, Mary. She had been tasked by her mistress moments before she left to fetch the Leyla girl to be on a lookout for the Duke.

She was to warn her mistress if he arrived unexpectedly.

In her vantage point, she could see what was happening by the balcony. She knew before that her orders, though simple, were of vital importance. But what could her mistress be discussing with a lowly orphan?

She tried to take a peek out of curiosity at what was going on, but the pergola blocked most of the view of the women from where she stood. Which was a disappointing moment, because she really wanted to see how her mistress was putting that cheeky girl in her place.

Mary remembered the first moment she saw Leyla, and immediately felt unnerved about her presence. She’d known the girl since childhood, yet something about her was off, especially when she remained so stiff and ungrateful even as she was being paid to do honest hard work.

She took an assessing gaze around the mansion, jaw clenching as she performed her duties.

The Duke had mentioned he had a gathering to attend to, and thus couldn’t come home until evening at the earliest moment. It was far from evening, but the Duke was well-known to be prone to finishing things earlier than he said he would. He could even return a day earlier.

She needed to remain vigilant, even against the sun’s glaring rays.

Leyla remained frozen in place, her heart thundering in her chest as she grew numb to the way Claudine was putting more pressure over her fingers.

Everything around her was muffled, as though she was seeing and hearing things under water. It almost felt like a dream…

But if it was, then this was just a cruel nightmare.

“You poor thing,” Claudine cooed at her, “Look at how much you’re trembling right now.”

She continued to caress Leyla’s cheeks gently.


“Oh, but fret not Leyla, I could hardly do anything to my fiance’s precious mistress.” She sighed out, “He adores you too much for me to be able to do anything.”

Her hands stopped caressing Leyla, before it moved to cup her chin gently, lifting it up enticingly to make Leyla look up at her. Claudine looked so innocent and kind, but her eyes held a visceral anger towards Leyla.

“Contrary to how I usually treat you Leyla, I don’t hate you that much.” Claudine admitted, “In fact, I find that I am rather sympathetic to your plight, after all how could this have been your fault to begin with?”

Finally she removed her feet off Leyla’s fingers. The poor girl let out a shaky breath as she looked up at the woman in confusion with a hint of fear.

“M-my Lady?” Leyla’s eyes began to glimmer as tears pooled on the corners.

“Shh,” Claudine hushed softly, “Are you going to cry in front of me?” She then let out a knowing smile, “I’m sorry to say Leyla, but they don’t work on me as well as they do with my fiance.”

And then the smile slipped away from her face, and the look in her eyes darkened as she continued to look down on Leyla.

Leyla felt as though her heart was being seized, her chest tightening as she tried to breath properly, yet the chill in her bones kept her frozen!

She couldn’t help but let out a gasp, praying for the deities above to spare her!

“I’ll tell you a story of a maid just like that, Leyla.” Claudine told her, releasing her chin, before she began petting Leyla on the head like one would with a well-behaved dog.

She began her tale about a daughter, she came from a high ranked family. She was getting married, but before that, she made a request from her maid. She asked if she would sleep with her soon-to-be husband, just to give her an assessment on what kind of a man he would be.

After all, no noble lady such as her must engage in premarital acts. It was frowned upon. And she trusted her maid, she’d been proven to be very loyal to her lady, and accepted the task readily.

“Our situation is very similar to that one, don’t you think so, Leyla?” Claudine asked the unresponsive girl, “Truthfully, affairs are no problem to me. I’ve learned to navigate around them. So I’m thankful for you.”

She watched as the faint hope in Leyla’s eyes began to dim the more she spoke.

It was like she was already being sentenced to hang, and suddenly, the wooden floor beneath her feet was pulled right under her and the noose tightened up around her neck with a painful snap!


Claudine had a feeling this could be the final blow for Leyla, and soon she wouldn’t have to endure the incessant cries of noisy birds in the background. She might have gotten down and dirty against her fiance’s mistress, but who could fault her for trying to create a perfect marriage?

“Are you surprised?” Claudine piped up once more, “To be honest, I was really surprised. All this time I thought my fiance would always be such a cold and calculating man. He probably wouldn’t even break a sweat when our wedding night arrives.”

She gasped, and then tilted her head towards Leyla.




“Is he good in bed? I’ve been dying to know. Perhaps it’ll be the only thing I can look forward to in a wedding with him.”

Leyla remained trembling in place. With Claudine no longer holding her chin up, she could only remain resolutely staring at the ground beneath her, wishing for the ground to swallow her up now and never return her to this place.

“Come now, don’t be shy. After all, the maid in the story was very thorough in describing them to her lady.” Claudine teased, “Also, I heard you moaning so wantonly last night, so he must be good at it!”

Suddenly, the gentle caresses stopped as Claudine gripped a handful of Leyla’s damp locks in her hand, and pulled her up, smiling when Leyla gasped at the sudden harsh treatment she got. Claudine drew closer to Leyla, their breath intermingling with each other.

“Tell me Leyla, tell me how much you loved it.” she softly demanded.

Leyla’s eyes could only glisten blankly as she stared into Lady Brandt’s icy glares. The glassy look in Leyla’s eyes was grating at Claudine’s nerves, but she also found some satisfaction in them, and let it be.

“Come now Leyla, your Lady is asking you how much you love basking in the arms of the man who keeps ruining your life?!”


Chapter 97.




The Man Who Keeps Ruining Your Life.







“-the man who keeps ruining your life!”

Claudine’s words kept ringing in Leyla’s mind as she continued to listen to a daze at Claudine’s words.

Everything was so muddled, she wasn’t paying attention, only so focused on the fact she was found out.

But why did she say it like that? Leyla knew how much the Duke ruined her life by making her enter an affair, but why did Lady Brandt make it sound as though it started long before that?

It was like she saw something in her eyes, which prompted Claudine to let her go abruptly and laugh pitifully at her.

“Goodness, you haven’t realized it yet, did you, you poor girl?” Claudine shook her head in disbelief as she laughed. “Oh, you truly are so pitiful.” She sighed, drawing closer to look Leyla firmly in the eyes.



“He helped ruin your engagement with Kyle. Did you know that?”

‘What?’ Leyla blinked, as something in her sparked at the new information.

“Tsk, you’re still the same after all,” Claudine clicked her tongue in disappointment, “You’re still so clueless about the things around you Leyla.”

And so Claudine began to tell her.

She told Leyla about what the Duke did last summer to break the two of them apart, just so he could finally have Leyla all to himself.

Leyla listened in rapt attention, eyes frozen as she stared into space at the memories coming back to her all at once as to why she broke things off with Kyle.

She told her about bearing witness to him, unmistakably, meeting with the man who was revealed to be Mrs. Etman’s cousin, who had stolen Leyla’s college funds. She also overheard him lying to the policemen that very morning about not seeing anyone.


He then proceeded to have someone run an investigation into Daniel Rayner’s bank finances, something she recently discovered due to her using her father’s name. He must have already assumed Daniel Rayner would be Mrs. Etman’s accomplice, and yet let Mrs. Etman took the fall for it.

“Can you see it now Leyla, how all the puzzle pieces fit together?”

Leyla looked gobsmacked and downright idiotic at this very moment. How could she have failed to see the signs?

And so Claudine continued, telling her of her lack of knowledge what had transpired after that. But if the Duke let Mrs. Etman took the fall, then nothing could be traced back to him. No one would even suspect he’d been involved.

Claudine was very pleased she held her tongue back then. It wouldn’t matter as much as it would now. Not for her at least. As for Leyla, well…

“If you doubt my words, then go ahead and ask him yourself.” Claudine hummed, “It’s merely just speculation on my part after all, interpreting the data as I see fit. But you seem to trust him explicitly.” She grinned towards the poor woman, “You can rest assured, he won’t lie to you.”

She made it sound like friendly advice, when it was made with intentions that were anything but. Leyla was still stuck in the memories of last summer, even as she listened to Claudine’s words more clearly than she ever did before.

She remembered the way the Duke remained in silence as her plans to marry Kyle were being discussed around them, almost as though he was disinterested. He only came back as soon as the conversation was finally over.

By then, autumn had just begun.

‘This was all planned?’ Leyla thought in disbelief, the gravity of his hold and influence over her life now looming ominously overhead, ‘Impossible… no man could ever be so cruel!’

She refused to believe it!

“Well, it is difficult to believe, so I don’t blame you for it.” Claudine sighed, “After all, thinking all of that was true would only make you more miserable, I suppose.”

She continued to regard Leyla, before finally sighing. Her job here was almost done.

“Believe it or not, it’s your choice.” Claudine told her, “It won’t change the truth anyway.”

She stood up from the bench, putting on her gloves back, before she walked over in front of Leyla, who was now collapsed on the floor at the new information she had just imparted on the unknowing girl.


“Although I guess it was a good thing you didn’t know anything about that. I almost thought I misunderstood you for a moment.” She told her, “I almost thought you’re another selfish girl, who just wanted the benefits of becoming the Duke’s mistress, but alas, you proved me wrong once more.”

Claudine began to walk away, before pausing to look back at Leyla’s shivering posture.

“Although knowing you’ve been so clueless does bring me a new wave of sympathy over your situation.” She leaned down, and patted Leyla’s shoulder comfortingly, ignoring the way she jumped up at the touch.

“I am truly sorry for you. Perhaps, if I’ve been more careful, you would have become the next Mrs. Etman by now, instead of being stuck to warm the Duke’s bed.”

Leyla remained quiet, her thoughts still swirling in the back of her mind.

“Oh well, it’s too late to change things by now. And look on the bright side! Claudine beamed at her, “It does seem he’s taken quite a liking to you, so it can’t be so difficult to get him to dote on you, will it?”

She forced Leyla to look at her once more, gently holding up her chin to turn towards her direction.

“I plan to be friends with you Leyla, after all, we both will be stuck with the Duke, so I must get along with you to some degree as someone he holds very dear.” She hummed. “So don’t feel so guilty about it.”

Claudine then frowned in thought before she turned to look at Leyla.

“Ah, but it will be ridiculous for us to remain in the same estate as soon as we get married, so perhaps looking for other living arrangements outside of Arvis will be best for you.” She informed Leyla.

“Then again, it’s the Duke we’re talking about, so of course he knows just where to place you! So really, you have nothing to worry about.” Claudine finished with a smile.

Finally, she rose back to her feet, patting Leyla gently a few times, while Leyla hunched in on herself further.

“Chin up Leyla,” Claudine piped up once more, “You must now hold yourself up proudly as the Duke’s mistress at this point. There’s no more use for you to degrade yourself further in pity.”

Leyla remained silent, even as Claudine grabbed her hands gently, pulling her up away from her huddled position. As soon as she stood up, Leyla hugged herself, wanting nothing more than to curl up.

“Come on, Leyla, you can do better.” Claudine told her, “Well, I have to say goodbye now, but before I leave, I do want to establish a clear order between us.”

Finally Leyla looked at her with red-rimmed eyes.


Claudine might be being harsh on Leyla right now, but she needed to also hold herself up in high dignity as the Duke’s future wife. Leyla only shook her head, as though she was in great pain. She looked as though she didn’t know what she was doing anymore.

Claudine’s eyes narrowed at her.

“Let’s start again Leyla.” She scolded the girl, “You must remain polite.” She cautioned her.

Such cowardice she was showing her. It sickened Claudine even though her tears refused to fall.

Leyla only bowed her head further down in front of her. As soon as she did so, one fat drop of her tears hit the top of her shoes. Soon, more fell down, as finally Leyla cried freely in front of her, as she remained in a bow.

Claudine sighed and backed away from Leyla, finding a little more tolerance in her for the other woman’s tears.

“Well, at least you’re a good girl.” She mused. Leyla’s mannerisms were still lacking, and considered to be far from polite, but Claudine will have to take what she could for now.

Upon her words, Leyla once more collapsed back onto the group in a heapful of uncontrollable sobs. She looked even more undesirable, looking like nothing more than a broken doll.

Deeming it time for them to go, Claudine swiftly left her alone, her dress sweeping behind her as it fluttered with the wind as she walked out of the rose-covered pergola. Finally, it felt like she could finally get rid of that nasty feeling as though she was being used like a common earthenware.

After all, this was a life rightfully hers, something she worked hard to get. For things like that, Claudine could be downright terrifying, such was the life she was taught and learned to live in.

When she reached the end of the pergola, Claudine spared Leyla one last look behind her. She was still in her pathetic state, crying soundlessly to herself as she lay broken on the stone cold floor.

Claudine scoffed before she faced forward once more, with a lighter look on her face. She calmly stepped down the marble staircase, where Mary greeted her enthusiastically as soon as she reached the last step in the middle of the rose garden.

“I think we should pack up my things by now, Mary.” Claudine calmly announced, making her aide blink back in surprise.

“Your things?” She asked in confusion, “Does this mean you are returning to Brandt Estate, my Lady?”

“Yes,” Claudine smiled at her amicably, “Yes, I think it’s time to return now.”

“But, my Lady, shouldn’t you wait for the Duke’s return before leaving him so suddenly?”


“Mary.” Claudine called out her name firmly, and she quickly stilled as her mistress looked at her with a smile, but a stern look in her eyes.

Immediately, Mary bowed in agreement, before Claudine wordlessly walked away with absolute grace, and a lightness in her gait.

Claudine was absolutely confident that before summer even begins, everything would be set in place once more. Perhaps even before spring truly arrives, all her puzzle pieces would be back in their respective places.







The day of Bill Remmer’s return, was also the day Kyle Etman left Arvis once more.

Just as he arrived, rumors about his departure quickly spread throughout the estate. And where rumors about Kyle were mentioned, Leyla’s name soon followed. Each of Arvis’ occupants gossiped with one another in hushed tones, wondering why he would leave so suddenly.

“I don’t get it, how could he just come and go so quickly?”

“I bet it’s because Leyla won’t take him back.”

“I feel so sorry for him.”

“Or maybe he just came to visit his parents? He hasn’t come for a while, has he?”

“Impossible, I heard him and his mother were still at odds, even today.”

“Truly? Mrs. Etman must still be angry about his almost marriage to Leyla then.”

The endless chatter between the house maids only ended when the bell chimed across the mansion. It was a sound they all knew to be coming from the third floor.

It was a summon from Duke Herhardt. It seemed he had some guests with him waiting to be served.

Immediately, the house maids scattered, each back to their tasks, while the maid with the longest experience in serving the household wasted no time in preparing them some tray before she hurried up the stairs to attend to their master’s wishes.

Although he wasn’t difficult to please, something about the Duke greatly intimidated them, which caused every servant under their employ to hasten every task they were given if he gave the order. Even serving the Duchess was easier to serve, despite her incessant need to complain and nitpick about every single thing they do.


Once she arrived outside the Duke’s office, she balanced the tray in one hand, before knocking politely against the mahogany doors.

“Come in.”

She heard faintly, and quietly opened the door, carrying the tray with both hands as soon as it was open and went in.

Upon entering, her eyes widened momentarily at the sight of her master’s guest.

There, sitting across their esteemed Duke from his desk, was the man who was single-handedly responsible for destroying Arvis’ heaven— as the people used to call it-– the greenhouse.

Mr. Bill Remmer.








Leyla found herself stopping by a portion of the greenhouse’s walls, observing as the repairs were in full swing as they hurried to restore it back to its former glory.

She also watched as a few more precious plant specimens were being airlifted overhead, before being relocated to where they were supposed to be planted. Bill Remmer’s return signaled more tasks to come, especially with the new varieties of plants he’d gathered with the others.

Leyla tried to keep herself calm as she watched all this progress, clasping her hands in front of her as she fidgeted with her fingers, trying to clear her mind.

She hadn’t had the chance to spend much time with her uncle yet, what with the Duke calling for him as soon as he arrived. He didn’t even allow her uncle a time to change and rest with Leyla back in their own cabin.

He assured Leyla he’ll be back shortly, telling her it would be rude to refuse their gracious Duke, and followed the attendant without any complaints. Watching him walk away from her, and towards the Duke was a terrifying thing for her.

It was like his mere presence in Arvis was suffocating even though she couldn’t see the Duke nearby.

“Oh Leyla!” one of the garden workers looked up to see her with a teasing smile on their faces, “I thought you’re all grown up now! Yet still you look so much like that little girl struggling to catch up with Mr. Remmer.”

Leyla flushed at the observation, before laughing awkwardly.

“I’m sorry, I guess I just missed him so much!”

The others laughed as they began talking over each other, each with their own stories to tell while they’d been away from Arvis. It was nice catching up with them, but soon they had their own tasks to return, and once more Leyla found herself alone.

And the easy smile she had, slipped from her lips without a moment’s thought.

Was the Duke going back on his word? Would he tell Uncle Bill after all, about what Leyla had been doing behind his back?

Her eyes looked over towards the mansion with a steely gaze. She was nothing more than skin and bones now, filled with an endless combination of shame, sorrow, confusion and painful anger deep inside her heart.

And that anger was embedded deep into her heart, festering the longer she refused to look away from the mansion that Duke Herhardt owned and was holding her uncle over her head.


Chapter 98.




The Way I Learned From You.




“Have a drink, Mr. Remmer.” Matthias offered, gesturing to him the tea. He noticed that Bill seemed a little bit tense, but the old gardener only stiffly agreed, immediately going to grab the cup of tea. Which left Matthias feeling a little bit confused.

Matthias watched as Bill took careful sips of his tea as he did the same with his own cup. Once he deemed he let the gardener relax enough, he spoke up once more.

“Firstly, I would like to thank you for working hard for us for a long time.”

“Ah, it was my pleasure, Duke.” Bill stammered, trying to calm himself down in front of the man who spared him. “I’m really grateful that you even allowed me to stay in Arvis, and to correct the great wrong I’ve done. Ah but I’m not saying this to appease you!” He flushed, “Truly, I am so grateful for you, my Duke.”

Bill bowed his head in reverence at Matthias. He would forever be grateful for the act of mercy the Duke bestowed upon him. He would have rotted in jail because of his negligence, and yet this man prevented that, and allowed him to fix his mistake!



How could he ever repay the Duke?

“Well then, what do you say about continuing to work for us even after your work in Arvis’ greenhouse? Say, in the Herhardt mansion, located in the capital city?” Matthias offered, cutting straight to the point.

He thought about it long and hard, and knew this was the only way Leyla would ever move to the capital’s mansion he owned.

Bill Remmer was a permanent fixture in her life, she wouldn’t dare leave him alone. As such, if he were to convince Mr. Remmer to move to Ratz, then Leyla would soon follow, just to remain by her uncle’s side.

Bill looked at his young master in a mix of perplexion and confusion.

“My Duke, is… is this because of the accident?” he asked rather meekly. “It isn’t as though I’m ungrateful for the continued opportunity to work for you, but I had thought after my job with the greenhouse was finished, you would let me go?”


“You’re right,” Matthias hummed, putting his teacup down on his desk, before clasping his hands in front of him as he stared at Bill, “But it isn’t just because of the incident that I am thinking of transferring you.”

Bill looked even more nervous now.

“I recognize that the garden in Arvis is too large. I anticipate it will be harder and harder for you to maintain it as the years go by.”

“Oh it’s not-”

“Additionally,” Matthias interrupted, eyeing Bill a little bit in disapproval for interrupting him when he wasn’t even finished. “The gardens in the mansion in Ratz are of a smaller scale. Much easier to maintain, plus I want it to be on par with the gardens here, in Arvis.” Matthias finally finished.

Bill wanted to deny that work in Arvis was fine as it is despite him advancing in age, but he can’t deny the words of his master, because the Duke was not wrong. It was growing more difficult for him to keep maintaining the vast gardens in Arvis estate, even if he is still in his middle-ages.

“Truly, I thank you for this opportunity, but I don’t know where to put myself, Duke.” Bill admitted regretfully, “I’m afraid I’m at a loss at how I can earn your confidence in me.”

“Then you need only continue working for Arvis.” Matthias replied plainly.

Bill Remmer eyed him nervously, his eyes dropping down to look at his reflection in the tea, and saw how weary his eyes looked back at him.

“Duke Herhardt, I knew since you gave me a second chance, I could never remain to work in Arvis after that. In fact, I already planned to leave Arvis with Leyla as soon as my work is done with the greenhouse. It’s only fair I leave, especially after you’ve given me mercy.”

Something in Matthias’ eyes darkened as he looked at the old gardener.

“Mr. Remmer, I didn’t free you from your sins out of mercy.”

His tone was calm, yet cold. Bill gulped his tea nervously, before putting the cup down in front of him to look at his young master’s face properly.

“As I was saying, you worked for my family for many years, and your expertise and skills are outmatched.” Matthias explained once more, “And that’s why, I want you in Ratz, to make use of your skills there as well. So there’s no need for you to feel indebted to me.” He finished explaining, yet there was still some doubt in Bill Remmer’s eyes.

“I-I see, my Duke,” Bill wetted his lips nervously, as he rubbed his clammy palms on his pants. “B-but how could I move so far away and leave my Leyla behind?”

Matthias raised his cup over his lips, allowing himself to smirk victoriously before answering him.

“Then take her with you.” He pointed out, and Bill blinked in surprise.

“Take Leyla with me?”

“Why not?” Matthias hummed, and took a sip of tea, before putting it back down on the table. “In fact, why don’t we become Miss Lewellin’s patrons while she’s staying there?”

Bill seemed even more flabbergasted.

“Patrons?” Bill repeated to himself, before looking back at the Duke with awe in his eyes, “You mean you would fund Leyla’s college?”

“Yes.” Matthias nodded his head lightly in affirmation. “It was unfortunate that last year’s theft happened, but my grandmother had expressed her wishes to fund Miss Lewellin’s education back then.”

Matthias proceeded to tell Bill that things had gotten too hectic before, which was why it hadn’t come up until now. Should Leyla retake the college entrance exam, and get accepted, she would officially be sponsored by the Herhardt house, as was his and his grandmother’s will.

Bill couldn’t believe such a generous offer from the people he caused so much trouble to!

He really was so fortunate to have been employed by such gracious people! Any other family would have thrown him to jail for his crime, but the Herhardts just kept giving him and Leyla so many blessings on their way!

How could such kind people exist in reality? People like this only existed in stories as far as he knew, and yet here was one in front of him!

Matthias watched as the light began filling the old gardener’s eyes, and knew he’d convinced the man.

“Well, what do you say Mr. Remmer?” Matthias asked coolly at him, “Are you willing to accept this opportunity?”







“Uncle!” Leyla greeted excitedly, and half filled with relief at the sight of him.

The first thing she took note of was how healthy his complexion seemed. At the sight of her, Bill gave her a warm smile, before huffing at the sudden force at Leyla throwing her arms tightly around him.

He couldn’t help but laugh at her enthusiasm at seeing him return.


“Oof! What are you, a child!?” Bill teased as he pulled away and fixed his scarf, “You seem to forget you’re not as small as you used to be Leyla. And what are you doing out here waiting for me? Didn’t I tell you I’d meet you back home?”

He patted Leyla’s hair fondly like he used to when she was so much smaller, and Leyla only giggled, immediately grabbing onto one of his arms and hugging it close to her as she rested her head on his shoulders.

Quietly, she closed her eyes as she sighed in relief.

‘He still doesn’t know.’

They walked peacefully side by side, with Leyla feeling less alone with her uncle back at her side. The trek back to their small cabin was long, but the walk hardly felt tedious with their pleasant company.

Leyla jogged a few paces ahead, holding the door open for him to enter as he shuffled through their door, and praised Leyla for the feast she had prepared for his return. Leyla urged him to get changed as she warmed up the food.

As soon as that was done, and all the food was warm once more, they both sat down at the table, ready to eat.

“Ah, Leyla, I would like to tell you that the Duke just offered me a great chance!” He announced excitedly at her, as he piled some of his favorite food on his plate. Leyla’s smile stilled in her expression at her uncle’s words.

“A chance?” She asked quietly, careful to keep the smile on her face, “What kind of chance?”

“He offered me a transfer to their mansion in Ratz,” Bill started.

He proceeded to relay to Leyla the information the Duke gave him in their impromptu meeting. How he would move to stay in the Herhardt mansion in Ratz and tend to their smaller garden there instead.

And how he was even allowed to bring Leyla!

“And that’s not even the best part!” He continued excitedly, “The Duke even offered to be your patron! They’re going to send you to your dream college! Isn’t that amazing!?”

“Patrons…” Leyla mumbled in shock, to which Bill mistook her surprise in being given such a generous offer.

“Of course you will need to pass their entrance exams once more, but I know you can do it again!” Bill declared proudly, “It was originally Duchess Norma’s idea, but the Duke supports her decision wholeheartedly. They both agree how amazing you would be.” He smiled proudly at Leyla.

Leyla could only think about how further it would drive her deeper into the Duke’s clutches and control.


“Do you think I should take the offer, Leyla?” Bill asked her, looking a little expectantly, and yet despondent at the same time.

“Uncle…”

“Truthfully, I’m feeling a little shameless at accepting the offer about what I just did, but if it’s what you want to do, then I can do it dear.” Bill said with a smile, “I’d be more than happy to stay and move to Ratz if it meant you get to live your dream.”

Leyla felt like her throat was closing up. How could she even begin to tell her uncle no?

She steadily grabbed her glass of water, trying to delay the time she needed to say her answer. Looking at her uncle’s happy expression stung Leyla’s eyes.

She couldn’t bear to see it gone.

Suddenly the day Claudine revealed to her all that she knew about the Duke and her affair with him seemed to be so long ago. She didn’t even remember how she stood back up and brought herself home.

All she could recall was her bawling her eyes out on the floor, barely unable to stop herself from crying until she exhausted herself.

She wanted to deny everything. All of Claudine’s accusations seemed too cruel to be true, but Leyla found herself in front of Daniel Rayner’s house. And with no further thought, she rapped her knuckles against his door to seek answers.

She couldn’t even think about how rocky her relationship with Daniel Rayner had become because of what happened. Right now, she felt invincible within her armor of pain and numbness. She needed to prove Claudine false.

She couldn’t be right about Matthias planning for her engagement with Kyle to be destroyed.

When Daniel had seen her that day, he looked as though he saw a ghost, and moved to close it once more, but Leyla held it open, a desperate plea went out her mouth.

“I just need to know one thing!” She exclaimed, holding the door open, “Just one thing! You owe me this!”

Her words, fortunately, made him stop and relent to her.

“That day you stole the money meant for my college fund,” Leyla began, ignoring the way he flinched at the reminder of what he did, “Did you, or did you not, meet the Duke on your way out of our cabin?”

She didn’t know how much she would regret ever seeking the truth from him, for she regretted knowing his answer.

It took him a while to give it, but by then it was too late for Leyla to turn back.


“I don’t know why you need to ask me that after all this time but…” He began, looking so exhausted, as though he wanted to move on from his crimes.

“Yes…” Leyla trailed off as she recalled that moment.

He avoided looking at her as he said it, but she could hear he was telling her the truth. He spoke a few more words, but it was drowned out by the ringing in her ears as the truth hit her in full force.

She staggered away from him, and faintly remembered how Daniel Rayner hurriedly slammed the door behind her, sounds of the locks on his door being reinforced, but Leyla hardly cared anymore. She just kept walking, even as the road darkened in front of her and her head pounded, unable to produce more tears.

She remembered the police officers telling them how the money failed to turn up, and no witnesses came forward. They even went to the mansion, and asked the Duke himself, but no one had seen anything.

The puzzle pieces fell into place.

Claudine hadn’t been lying.

She knew it had been a possibility. As a noble lady, Claudine von Brandt would dare spread such a baseless lie, not when she would lose too much if she were to get caught defaming her fiance’s good name.

“Leyla?” Uncle Bill called out for her once more, shaking her out of her thoughts and she looked back at him with a practiced smile.

“If you need more time to think about it, then I completely understand.”

“I agree I will need time to think about it, uncle.” Leyla smiled at him, and he reciprocated it, before looking at her in an apologetic way.

“I do want you to consider it though Leyla,” He admitted, “Because we both know by now, I can’t give you the life you wanted. The duke is offering to give you wings that I can’t give you.” He pointed out sadly.

And Leyla felt her heart breaking at her uncle’s words.

‘Oh uncle, if only you knew he was the one who brutally broke my wings.’ She thought in complete despair.

Uncle Bill reached out from across the table, to hold her hand in a comforting manner.

“I know you’re the kind of person who can reach beyond what people expect you to if you put your mind into it,” He praised her softly, “Some will be envious, but more others will be inspired by you.”


He looked at her with such warm, and loving eyes, it shone brighter than the light Leyla had put on the table for them. She could only smile shakily back at him, taking more sips of her water to keep her throat from drying in her guilt and nervousness.

They continued to eat their dinner, the topic shifting to what he had seen in his travels, and then exchanging mundane stories of what they had done while away from each other.

Dinner ended with them sitting out on the porch, cups of coffee in hand as they leaned against each other. The night had rolled out of the sky, the wind picking up around them, but not yet cold enough to make them freeze.

Fortunately for Leyla, Uncle Bill decided to retire to bed early. His travels still left him tired, and Leyla happily let him, staying out on the porch to look up at the starless skies above.

She had been struggling to hold in her composure as her uncle was around, but she couldn’t deny the unbridled anger simmering underneath her skin, especially when she closed the door to her bedroom, only to see Phoebe return, with a note attached from the Duke.

Just as she thought as she unrolled the small piece of parchment open, his orders remained the same, and she must go to him. But this time, she felt no fear or shame at their impending meeting.

No, her mind had never been as clear as they were tonight.

She’s determined to escape the clutches of both the Duke and Duchess Herhardt of Arvis Estate.

She ripped up the letter, and tossed it into the open flame as she walked over to her closet. She glanced over her wardrobe, before grabbing the clothes and shoes the Duke had bought for her.

Next, she sat in front of her vanity, putting more effort into styling her hair in a presentable way. After all, she must look her best tonight. She’s meeting someone very dear to her, she mused sarcastically.

This time, she’ll stop begging for him to release her.

She stared into her reflection with steely eyes, satisfied at how beautiful she made herself appear to be. The intricate braid she made framed the nape of her neck beautifully, and complemented the clothes perfectly.

‘Just as I learned from you, I’ll bide my time,’ Leyla thought as she put on some light make up on her face and smiled enticingly at herself in front of her mirror, ‘This time, it’s my turn to play with you, and break your heart at the right moment.’

A strange excitement came over her, making her feel giddy all over, even more than her previous plans of simply denying the Duke whatever he wanted. This time, she knows better. This time, she finally knew how to break a man’s heart.

‘Looks like it’s time for me to give you your own medicine, my Duke,’



She smirked, mind finally made up.

She’d be his perfect mistress, give him the excitement he craved, and present herself so beautifully for him. She’d stop fighting him, and make him feel appreciated. She’ll give him promises she’d never intend to keep, before she’d just casually…

And cruelly…

Rip his heart into a million little pieces.

Leyla quietly walked out of her cabin, weeks of experience making it a lot easier than before now that she wasn’t dreading to see him.

After all, how would she dread the thought of seeing him on his knees?

How could she even dread the thought of seeing him so miserable and in pain one day like he did for her?


Chapter 99.




Terms and Conditions of Transaction.







Matthias found himself immensely surprised as soon as he swung the door open when he heard her knock on his door. He stood in front of the doorway in bewilderment, wide eyes staring at her from head to toe.

She wasn’t the Leyla he had grown used to seeing.

All of a sudden she was here, in front of him. All dressed in the clothes and gifts he’d long given her.

Gifts she had sworn off of.

“May I come in?” She asked him in that cautious melodic voice, looking up at him through her curled lashes, blinking them so enticingly.

Finally, Matthias stepped away, letting her in, widening the door for her to enter.

“Wait here for a moment.” Matthias softly commanded her before he strode back into his drawing room. He could sense Leyla begin to follow him quietly.

Upon Leyla’s entrance, she saw multitudes of papers strewn across the table. There was a stack of other papers and documents in one corner table. It was as if he was in the middle of doing his work.

“You must be very busy.” Leyla remarked softly as she looked around. Matthias only spared her a glance before he expertly stacked some of the papers neatly on his desk.

“Only a little.”

“Perhaps I should return at a later time?” she lightly suggested, when Matthias shot her a knowing smirk, before plopping himself languidly on his sofa.

He crossed his legs, spreading his left arm onto the backrest as he leaned back and looked at her with sharp blue eyes. He casually brought over the folder with his right towards him, flipping it open.

“Don’t bother.” He said, “You can rest just fine here if you like to.” He invited, and Leyla’s eyes narrowed in his direction.

“There’s no need for me to rest.” Leyla reassured him, taking a seat on the sofa right across from him, her hair swaying with her every move in a graceful manner. “I can wait just fine for you to finish.”


And so she did. She sat patiently and quietly across from him, still dressed and well-poised. Matthias couldn’t help but keep stealing glances at her, still drinking in the sight of her in all the things he’d given her.

She hardly looked like the Leyla he knew. No, there was a more powerful air around her, one that screamed neither in helplessness nor support of him.

Kyle. The name was right at the tip of his tongue, tempting him to speak the name. He wanted to test her. He wanted to see how she would react if he were to say that name to her now. Especially after this unexpected makeover.

But he wouldn’t. He didn’t want to destroy this image Leyla was portraying just for him. Not when she’s at the precipice of acting so docile to him on her own volition.

He went back to work, a smile settling neatly on his lips as he scanned through his documents.

Sounds of papers flipping started filling the room, with the occasional rustling of clothes. Fire was cackling in the background as well, the firewood burning into embers. The air around them was almost peaceful.

But Leyla didn’t want to get too ahead of herself. To keep her jitters down, she picked up a nearby newspaper on the table beside her and flipped through its contents. On one of its pages, was an article talking about the resource market fluctuating because of the current unstable situation internationally.

She felt herself beginning to calm down, and eventually discarded the article. She hardly understood what it was about, so instead, she looked up to observe Matthias. He was still focusing on his work.

Leyla couldn’t help but keep staring at his frame, his features being illuminated by the subtle orange light from the flames.

He was still in the same position as before, but now she was beginning to feel that sense of intimidation wafting out of him despite how serenely he looked. He really did have the perfect profile of a royalty.

As though he was born with the world being offered beneath his feet. And he’s owning it.

She wrung her finger in front of her in secret, biting her lower lip in thought as the anxiety was rising up in her again.

‘Can I do this?’

She asked herself.

‘Do I really have what it takes to break such a powerful man?’

She gulped nervously, gaining Matthias’ attention, who looked up at her direction in that instance. She jolted in her seat once his eyes landed on her, but she didn’t dare look away.


They stared into each other, with Matthias carefully looking over at her, before he flashed her a small smile. It was that moment that Leyla could feel hope bloom in her chest.

That she could do this.

Because as powerless as she was, she was relieved to see how much the Duke wanted to keep her with him too. It was a toxic possessiveness, but one she could use to her advantage. The more she would encourage his attachment to her…

The more painful the hurt would be at the end.

She couldn’t understand why it took her so long to realize this. His lust for her was a double-edged sword. He was hurting her because of it, but she could just as well use it against him too.

She looked back up at him, having failed to notice how her gaze fell back to the ground.

He’d taken all her precious firsts from her.

When he had forcibly taken her first kiss from her, not even a week later, she heard he’d gotten engaged to Claudine. At that time she was already engaged to Kyle, but she couldn’t deny the stinging in her chest at that knowledge.

And as if that wasn’t enough, he proceeded to be the key reason why her marriage to Kyle fell off, through the use of cowardly tactics. And now he’d be marrying someone just as beautiful as she was cruel.

Those two were perfect for each other.

“What’s going on in that head of yours?” Matthias wondered out loud, the smile still firmly on his lips, yet he looked at her with a sharp glint in his eyes. Leyla held his gaze for a moment, before taking a deep breath.

It was time for action.

“I heard you ordered Uncle Bill to work in Ratz, and you want me to go with him.”

Matthias nodded, not even denying it as he went back to his papers.

“Although I will argue that it was a suggestion. Hardly even an order.” Matthias argued nonchalantly.

“I think otherwise.” Leyla reasoned back, “You knew very well this so-called suggestion would be difficult. And so you used my uncle, to further my becoming more into your mistress, even beyond your marriage to Lady Brandt.”

Matthias chuckled softly, looking up at her through his lashes.

“Is that what you think?”

“Hm, you really are a despicable person.” Leyla hissed softly in a shaky voice.

Finally, Matthias closed the folder he was holding and set it aside. He then tilted his head towards her, interest seeping through his eyes the more he observed this new Leyla in front of him.

“Are you even aware of how despicable you are?” She asked rhetorically, not expecting an answer as she tried to blink back the welling tears. And Matthias didn’t even deem it important enough to answer her.

“Are you aware of how much I despise you?” She slowly got up, and slowly stalked towards him. The corner of her eyes were glinting as the firelight bounced off of her tears. Matthias only chuckled at her words, finding her completely amusing, though half in despondent as well.

It flashed only for a moment, before that amused glint was back in his eyes. Leyla hardly noticed it. She was drawn to the way his breathing began to get ragged.

“Since you’re all knowing, you would understand my next words too, won’t you?” She asked him softly, eyes trailed on his hands as it slowly went up to loosen his tie around his neck.

In Matthias’ mind, he was absolutely prepared for her usual tirade of how much she hated him, how much she despised him and was ruining her well-built life. But what she said next came completely unprompted and caught him completely off guard!

“Do you know just how difficult it is to love such a man as much as I hate you?” She asked, stopping a few paces in front of him, barely an arm’s length away.

Matthias’ brows crinkled at her statement.

“What?”

He looked up at her in confusion, and saw the raw hurt and vulnerability in her eyes. She couldn’t possibly be lying. Not when she looked so unsure in front of him all of a sudden.

She was a terrible actress. He’d witnessed that first hand. She couldn’t be faking this.

“I do,” She admitted to him softly, voice just above a whisper, “I tried to stop it so much and deny it, but I found myself inexplicably attached to you as well.”

Matthias watched her in shock, words unable to form in his mouth as something began to stir deep within him with her words.

He hardly understood what was happening right now.

“What I said to Kyle back then, that wasn’t a lie.” She continued, “Because I do, I love you so much that I hated the thought of it!” her voice cracked…

‘Am I doing it?’ Leyla thought desperately to herself, ‘Am I succeeding in deceiving him?’


The anxiety in her and the nervousness helped in her portrayal of how much her supposed love was tearing her up inside. It let authentic tears slip through her eyes, further selling the story she wished to tell Matthias.

“So I’m telling uncle to accept your offer, and I will go with him to Ratz.” She declared firmly, “I’ve long been so ashamed of my feelings for you, I wanted nothing more than to run away and escape this undeniable truth… but it’s getting harder and harder to deny myself this…”

Matthias hung onto her every word, slowly rising to his feet. She looked up at him with a tear streaked face, and he wasted no time in backing her into the table behind her, trapping her within his arms.

Her breath hitched as she looked up at him in surprise. The hungry beast in him awoke, and his mouth watered at the sight of her beneath him…

“Are you saying what I think you’re saying?” He asked her softly in a sultry voice, and Leyla shivered in his arms, “Are you finally accepting into becoming my mistress?”

Leyla felt herself flush at the growing intensity in his eyes, and she couldn’t deny the way he was looking at her made heat pool in her gut. She looked down, blinking the tears away, yet his gentle grip caught her, forcing her to look at him.

A lone tear ran down her cheek, as she bit into her lower lip and nodded shakily at him. Her heart was pounding deep into her chest, she feared the Duke had heard it and would give her away.

She wished desperately for her success!

‘Just this one thing!’ She thought harder, ‘Let me succeed in deceiving him!’

“I do have a condition,” Leyla finally spoke out, regaining her voice as she grabbed firmly onto his arm, and Matthias’ gaze narrowed towards her.

“Condition?”

“You once told me you don’t enter deals that won’t benefit you.” Leyla reminded him, “Well, I want something in return as well.”

Matthias seemed to contemplate this, watching her carefully before his sharp gaze softened up. Leyla felt a new wave of hope blooming inside her.

“Well, are you willing to listen to my conditions?” She asked again.

“Then speak your mind.”

“Give me your word first.” She demanded and Matthias raised a brow up at her.


“You want me to agree to a condition without knowing what the stakes are?” He asked her, his eyes narrowing at her in suspicion once more, “Who do you think you are to demand such a gamble from me?”

Leyla knew he would be like this. She’ll have to appeal to that primal instinct in him then.

“I’m Leyla,” She crooned softly up at him, “Your Leyla, am I not?” she asked, one of her hands letting go of his arm, to cup his cheek tenderly. Matthias leaned into her hand, almost nuzzling into it, before he began to chuckle at her boldness.

Leyla fervently wished she wasn’t acting too much, and that he would bite the bait she laid out for him.

Matthias had seen many beauties in the world. The river in the night, the lights on his ceiling, and the rows and rows of luxurious paintings in the hallways…

But none as beautiful as Leyla.

“Tell me then Leyla,” he crooned right back, looking into her determined eyes.

“Give me your word first.” She demanded once more. She was hanging off his neck, her arm draped around his back as her other hand gripped tightly into his arm.

Matthias let out a genuine laugh, his eyes wrinkling in delight.

“Your wish is my command.” He told her softly, “Speak to me Leyla.”

He cupped her cheek instead, his grip on her chin falling away. He looked deep into her emerald eyes, which seemed to be reflecting back his own happiness.

“I give you my word.” He promised her.

‘Finally.’ Leyla thought in relief.








Norma paused for a moment, and looked over to her grandson in shock. Even Elysee, who had been leisurely minding her own business, listening to classical music at the side, seemed to be taken aback as well.

Only Matthias seemed unbothered by the news he’d just given them.

“You’re really sending Bill Remmer to live in our Ratz Mansion?” Norma inquired over to her grandson, finally breaking free of her shock. Matthias hummed and nodded at her.

“That’s right.”

“This is all unexpected for you Matthias,” Elysee finally piped in, “Why the sudden decision?”

Matthias looked over to his mother’s direction.

“I’ve noticed how unhappy you’ve been with the old gardener since the incident happened.” Matthias began to explain, “But I won’t deny how useful he’s been in maintaining the gardens, but Arvis is too big and he’s getting older. Ratz would be far easier for him to maintain.”

“Well, that is true, but…” Norma trailed off, looking equally helpless as her daughter-in-law. The two current Duchesses remained silent, while Matthias took a calm sip of his coffee, before placing it back down in front of him.

He saw no reason to further delay his plans, not when Leyla’s being so agreeable recently. He also saw no further reason to keep their relationship a secret. She’s made her decision after all.

“Then make me your lover.” She told him as soon as he’d given her his word. “As soon as you tie the knot with Claudine, I can’t keep living in Arvis, which means I could never come back.” She laid out for him.

She looked absolutely heartbroken when she said that. And Matthias couldn’t exactly deny her. Arvis was the well-known house and Herhardt undisputable property. Which meant it housed the official members of the Herhardt house, which includes the Duke’s legal wife, the Duchess.

This was how it had always been, and how it would always be.

No mistress had any place in Arvis. Matthias knew that very well.

“So until your marriage, while we’re still here in Arvis, keep me as just a lover.” Leyla asked him, “Before you hide me away in the shadows of Ratz, let me bask in the sunlight until that time comes.”

But Matthias couldn’t understand. How different was a lover from a mistress? As far as he knew, there wasn’t any. But Leyla seemed to think otherwise.

“-hide me away in the shadows-” her watery voice echoed in the back of his mind, something unsettling in him at the thought of her being hidden.

Did she really have to voice it that way? It was so unbefitting for her, who needed to be shown off in the light.

There was no way Matthias would keep her hidden. She thrived in the sunlight. She shined so brightly, she had blindsided him with her beauty. He wanted to keep that light in her burning, even more…

To keep her burning for him.


Yet she was right. A mistress will always remain in the shadows of his wife. And that drew a slight frown in Matthias as he thought of that for the first time.

‘Will she really be alright?’ Matthias wondered, ‘Will she remain shining just as bright as she does now if I keep her in an eternal shadow?’

He’d drawn her into his arms that night, hugging her into his chest and she settled in his arms just right, fitting perfectly the gaps between them.

If he had the choice, he’d never stifle that light. Let everyone see her for who she was.

She was his.

“Well I can’t deny your reasoning, even if it was a little sudden for you.” Elysee remarked softly, humming in thought, “But if Bill goes to Ratz, what happens to his foster daughter here?”

“She’s going with him.” Matthias answered just as quickly, “I offered Bill that I would sponsor Miss Lewellin’s education under the family’s name in that college she was going to apply to.” He elaborated.

“You’re sending her to college?” Elysee gasped in aghast, “And under the family’s name!?”

“Yes.” Matthias replied, completely unbothered, before he looked over to his grandmother, “I happened to recall grandmother’s wish to sponsor her last year. So I extended the offer.”

Norma seemed taken aback that Matthias remembered that. She had almost forgotten she said it.

“Well, y-yes, I did mention that…” Norma was unable to deny it.

When the old Herhardt matriarch had heard about the young woman’s broken engagement with Kyle, as well as her college admission fund being stolen, she had expressed her willingness to sponsor Leyla instead.

“Very well, though I will state, whatever decision both Bill and his foster daughter reach in regards to moving to Ratz must be respected.” She expressed.

Matthias allowed himself to smile minutely, which hadn’t gone unnoticed by the two women who had raised him. Both Duchesses exchanged glances at each other, but opted to not point it out.

Not out loud at least. They didn’t have the right words as of currently.

“I’ll take your words into advice.” Matthias calmly replied. He gave them a respectful bow, before swiftly making his exit out of their shared drawing room. He still had much to do in the afternoon.

Unbeknownst to him, as soon as he left, both his mother and grandmother shared their own conversation.

His mind was too caught up in thought. Leyla’s voice still echoing prominently against his purposeful steps, even as it echoed in his empty halls…

“-hide me away in the shadows-”

Alas, that statement never suited her at all.





Chapter 100.




Am I Beautiful?







When vacation ended, and school began, Leyla found the children she taught had grown up quite a lot. They seemed bigger now, but they also seemed rowdier than before. She had a struggle trying to keep up with them, giving her such a hectic back-to-school day overall.

She had been so busy looking out the window, lost in her many thoughts, that she almost missed the cry of a child right behind her.

“Teacher, it’s done!” they exclaimed, immediately jolting her out of her reverie. Leyla turned and looked down, taking the abacus from the child’s hands and smiled at them in amazement.

“Wow! You’ve done so well today. I see your math skills have improved over the winter!” She praised, leaving the young boy in a blushing mess as she acknowledged his growing skills. Suddenly, another burst of cry sounded just off to the side.

When Leyla turned to look at what was the problem, she saw Monica crying as she tried to sit still to work on her set of math problems. Further observation made Leyla see that the boy seated behind Monica was pulling at the young girl’s hair, tugging it harshly as they snickered to themselves.

Leyla quickly returned the abacus to the young boy she had praised and quickly headed towards the other pair to break off the trouble.


She had pulled Monica to her lap, while she harshly scolded the boy for his misbehavior, emphasizing how it was not good to find hurting people funny. The rest of the day went off without any further hitches as she continued to teach her lessons.

As soon as she saw them leave when the final school bell rang, she went back inside her empty classroom.

She took a seat on her desk, and looked out the window, watching the new blooms of green on the nearby tree branch. Slowly the color was returning all around her, with the winter white beginning to fade out.

A new wave of determination washed over her.

‘I need to finish this quickly.’ She thought to herself, before quickly packing up her things.

After all, she had just accepted to become a cruel man’s lover.

Goosebumps ran up her body as she recalled how she had lied to him so blatantly. But despite that, she thought the more appealing she was, the deeper she could hurt him. She could put up with any lie.

In fact, she had been so happy he fell for her trap, she could hardly sleep in glee! Ah, she never knew the Duke was capable of giving her such satisfaction, never mind if he didn’t know what he was doing.

Right before she was leaving, Leyla made the decision to loosen up her hair, letting her golden locks cascade down her back. She shook her head a few times, loosening up some tangles before she retouched her makeup.

She had been working on how to make herself more presentable to the Duke, and she had been improving, but in her mind it wasn’t alluring enough yet. Even the current makeup style she was trying seemed clumsier.

Perhaps it was better to remove it? But she didn’t have much time left. She ignored the churning in her stomach the more she tried to beautify herself for the Duke; ignored the thought she had to put on a smile and pretend as if she was receiving gifts from someone she loved…

Ignored how she had to pretend once more she was torn with her love for him.

And so she looked at her reflection, and gave herself a confident smile.

‘Keep smiling Leyla,’ She thought to herself, ‘Keep smiling so beautifully, soon, you’ll show him your fangs that hold a poison just for him.’



Matthias stopped at the end of the road leading to the village school. It’s been a while since he drove the car, but it wasn’t as strange as he anticipated.


When he had expressed his wishes to drive himself, both the attendant and the driver looked at him like he’d grown two heads all of a sudden. They didn’t argue with him though, so Matthias hardly cared about their thoughts on him driving.

And so he checked the time, Matthias turning his head slightly to look out of the car window where he had the perfect view of the school. Just as he looked outside, he saw Leyla walking from the end of the road. She looked absolutely divine, especially with her golden hair fluttering along behind her with every dainty step she took.

Matthias leaned back in his seat, breathing in deeply. He felt something easing up in his chest as he watched her leisurely. She was a quiet and an exceptionally busy woman and yet he found her so captivating.

It was almost like he was watching a bird soaring elegantly in the skies.

He’d always been so enamored by her. From the time he first saw her as a child until now, she’s remained unchanged, only growing more beautiful over the years.

She appeared to have unanticipated the fact he would be waiting for her, and continued on with her hasty pace. She was so focused on her path, she almost missed the sight of his car until she was right in front of it.

She probably would have completely passed him by too if Matthias hadn’t knocked on his window.

As expected, she jumped in surprise, and stopped in her steps. She whirled around and looked at the car next to her, before a beautiful blush bloomed in her face. And so Matthias unlocked his car, and casually got out of his car.

Leyla took a couple steps back, sending him a grimace of a smile as he straightened up to his full length.

Matthias gave her his own grin and Leyla looked around nervously before tilting her head up at him.

“Uh, Duke, good to see you here.” She greeted politely, before she nibbled on her lower lip, “If you don’t mind me asking, why are you here?” She then lowered her voice, “The meeting place was not here.”

Matthias only raised a brow.

“You’re a smart girl, why do you think I’d be here?”

Leyla glanced at the car behind him. Her eyes narrowed slightly.

“Are you… here to pick me up?” She asked, careful not to let her disdain for him show. “By yourself?”

She looked carefully in the car, and remembered he had gotten out of the driver’s seat himself. It was highly unlikely for his chauffeur to be around and let his master drive the car when he could.

Matthias did not answer her, but merely walked over to the other side of the car, and opened the passenger’s seat, “Get in!”.


Leyla stood undecided in place, hands gripping tightly on her bag’s strap, before she approached him in stuttered steps.

As soon as she got close enough, barely a foot away from him, his brows went up in sligh surprise.

“Did you put on makeup?” he asked, a light laughter in his voice. It was so unexpected, Leyla floundered in surprise like she had been caught doing something she wasn’t supposed to. Another blush bloomed on her plump cheeks.

“Is it weird?” she asked timidly, and Matthias shrugged.

“A little,” he told her, feeling a bit mischievous, only because her serious inquiring expression was too adorable to pass up on.

Now Leyla grew conscious and unsure what to do. She could feel herself grow more embarrassed, and resolved to just remove the makeup. She hurriedly looked for her handkerchief when Matthias spoke up once more.

“Don’t remove it.” He told her, gently grabbing her wrist and taking it out of her bag from when she’d been looking for something to wipe it off with.

“B-but you said it was weird!” She spluttered, her blush deepening. He only smiled at her and shrugged.

“Then I should erase it!” She insisted, and he lightly shook his head.

“Keep it on.” He told her, “You’re beautiful still.”

Leyla frowned.

“How can I be beautiful yet weird?” She asked incredulously. Matthias remained unbothered by her question, even though she had been obviously agonizing over what to do with her makeup.

‘Did I screw up!?’ She thought worriedly. Was her plan foiled because she couldn’t wear makeup properly!? She couldn’t help but feel anxious as she got in the car, Matthias shortly following her.

Matthias spared her a side glance.

“Can’t you just tell me which it really is?” She asked again, the worry clear on her face. Matthias hummed a little bit.

“If I tell you, will you finally do as I say?”

“Yes.”

“Oh?” Matthias hummed once again, “Don’t you like me having fun with you a little longer?”

“The makeup isn’t for you, Duke.” She insisted, even though it was all a lie, but her indignation made Matthias frown.

“Then who’s it for?”

Leyla bit her lip, trying to even her breathing.

“It’s… it’s for me.” She mumbled softly, “I-I want to make myself look nice… and then perhaps, you’ll treat me nicely.” She quietly admitted. The only way she could lie was to feed him half-truths, though at the same time it was like she was digging herself further into the ground.

But she couldn’t pull back now. She needed to be all in this time.

Finally the sound of the car starting up reverberated around them, giving Leyla a sense of relief, until Matthias spoke up again.

“Tell me Leyla,” He began, looking at her as the car vibrated beneath their bodies. Leyla squeaked out a ‘yes’ in question, looking back at him. “What is it you want me to do?”

Leyla spluttered for a few moments, unable to form her words.

“You mean….if I’m beautiful?”

Matthias lips curled up into a smile.

‘It can’t be this easy.’ Leyla thought nervously. But what if it was easy because the Duke has some sort of ulterior motive for her. What if he already knew everything she’d been planning?! Was he testing her? But then again, if she was succeeding then…

“Am I beautiful now then? To the point you’d wish to be nice to me?” She asked, a little more confident, hoping her false bravado would help her convince him nothing was off about her.

The car began to move, removing Matthias’ eyes on her, making her breath a little easier after one last glance over to her.

Matthias knew beauty was subjective. But Leyla was a different breed of beauty. He’d seen none as beautiful as her.

She really was beautiful, but the prettier she looked, the more he wanted to see her crumble in front of him. He wanted all of her, even her pain, under all costs. It was making him crazy the more he spent time around her.

He knew very well when it came to these intense feelings he had for her, that all rational thought would leave him. He was drawn to everything about her. Her walk, her looks, even her terrible attitude towards him.

Everything, he wanted to devour all of her if he could. And it seemed as though she was finally accepting him.


But did she really just want him to be nice to her? Was it enough for him to just treat her a little bit better than he’d been? It seemed absolutely impossible for that to be all that mattered to her, he couldn’t help but chuckle in amusement.

Normally he was unimpressed by the many noble ladies he’s met over the years. Nothing in their expensive dresses, beautiful jewels and accessories made them exquisite to him. Yet here in front of her, despite how dismal her clothes were, he can’t help but feel so driven around her.

And seeing her all dressed up heightened that attraction more. When she’d choose her clothes, her hairstyle, and even how clumsy she’d put her makeup on, it just enhanced everything about her.

Looking back now, he was already fulfilling her wish despite just making it now. He’s been holding himself back from ripping her clothes off her body and just taking her here and now. He wanted to see her hair all messed up from when he’d dig his fingers into her hair as she’d throw her head back to reveal her pale neck for him to suckle in. To take her lips into his and just ravish her…

“You’re not answering.” She pointed out, “I’ll take it as a yes then.” She quipped lightheartedly. She could still feel the blush firmly on her cheeks and opted to avoid further eye contact with him.

A few moments later, she glanced nervously back at him. Feeling her eyes on him once more, Matthias let out a soft sigh, his hands still gripping firmly the steering wheel, with eyes trailed forward.

“What is it now?” He asked her.

“N-nothing.” She clumsily replied, “I, I just didn’t know you could drive.”

“Is that so surprising?”

“Yes.” She plainly replied, “I didn’t think you knew anything else other than to ring your bell.” There was a teasing glint in her eyes that made him believe despite her harsh words, she only meant them as a light-hearted joke.

At first glance she was all so prim and proper. This certainly was a refreshing change for her, that Matthias couldn’t help but chuckle in response.

“I think it’s nice though,” She added afterwards, “For it to be just us.”

This seemed like the good time to sprinkle in some forms of affection, so Leyla just went with it. She even offered him a beautiful smile, she hoped it was convincing enough. She had been practicing them late at night, when her uncle was asleep, and the Duke wasn’t looking for her.

The streets were congested, full of carriages and cars as they drove through. When the car had to stop, only then did Matthias turn to look at her once again, yet Leyla maintained her relaxed state, even when they made eye contact.

She held his eyes for a moment, before shyly looking away. A few moments later, she glanced back at him.


Matthias on the other hand started feeling warm. It was like he’s spending time with the sun, being in such close proximity with her, enclosed here in their own private bubble in his car.

Even his throat had gone dry.

“Have you thought about it then?” Matthias finally spoke up, licking his lips lightly before swallowing saliva, “How do you want me to love you?”

The amused glint in his eye disappeared, now looking over at her slowly. Leyla immediately looked away, eyes trailed on her fumbling fingers over her lap. She felt like he was directly looking into her soul. Like he could see straight through her.

She had resolved to become his lover, to seemingly accept that she would be his mistress. But she doesn’t know the first thing about this.

What do real lovers do?

She would have preferred if the Duke continued to do what he wanted, but it seemed like he was completely fine with letting her take the reins in their relationship as of now.

“I, that’s…” She stuttered, and began looking out in the streets once the road began to move along once more. She began to feel herself grow nervous, small beads of sweat sliding down her back as she looked outside for answers…

“Dinner.” She finally said, after seeing some couples eating out by themselves, “Today, you should take me to dinner.” She elaborated. It was the first definite thing she thought of as she searched for answers outside.

“Oh, also the fields of Arvis during spring would be filled with beautiful flowers!” She jovially exclaimed, “Did you know that?”

“No.”

“Really? In your own estate?” Leyla asked a little incredulously, “It’s a really beautiful view.”

She noticed a wistful expression came over Matthias, almost like he was remembering something. So Leyla continued to ramble on about Arvis’ fields when he remained silent.

She talked about her childhood. How she used to play in the fields, and when she’d grow tired, she would lie down beneath the shade of the tree. And when she’d grow bored, she’d sometimes bring her books and snacks with her. Sometimes she’d even take a nap.

She just didn’t mention how she did all that with Kyle. The one person who’d been hurt by him so cruelly simply because of his greed to have her.

She hid her anger at him behind her bright smile, crinkling her eyes to prevent herself from glaring at him. To prevent her tears from forming.


“We should go out in the fields as soon as the flowers begin to bloom this spring.” She lightly suggested, “And then I can show you just how beautiful your estate is.” She offered, looking a little calmly, Matthias seemed to agree with her from the way his lips upturned.

“Do you like ice cream?” She immediately asked, feeling a little awkward.

“Ice cream?” He finally piped up, a brow of his raising.

“Yes! I like ice cream.” She prompted, “Vanilla’s my favorite.” She added offhandedly.

She had been on her way home, Kyle had been with her. He was waiting for her in front of their school gate back then, and they went to buy themselves some ice cream. As soon as the cold, and soft treat hit her tongue, its smooth and sweet flavor filled her with comfort and warmth.

She quietly mourned the fact that those memories will never come to life once more.

“I’ll buy it for you as soon as I get my paycheck this month.” She said, “Then we can go eat them together sometime.”

Did she finally learn how to lie so effortlessly? Everything was coming so quickly to her now, like the excuses and all these false lines just began flowing out of her. Matthias chuckled lowly, a smile on his face as he kept his eyes on the road still.

“You’re so generous lately,” He pointed out, sparing her a glance at the corner of his eye, “Surely you’re jesting me.”

Leyla felt herself go pale.

“Th-that’s…” She trailed off, trying not to let herself grow further anxious. In her mind, she was wishing desperately for her lie to hold.

‘Please let me succeed, please let me succeed…’ Over and over, she repeated that phrase in her mind.

“…because I love you.” She told him softly, looking at him calmly, “Do you want me to go back to acting like I hate you?” She asked him softly.

Every word out of her mouth tasted ashen. She wanted to take it all back, but she wouldn’t. This was vital to her plan to break him. She could feel her heart thumping wildly in her chest, waiting for Matthias to give her an answer.

“Because I don’t,” She continued, “I want to love you.”

Finally, something in Matthias’ eyes softened the longer he watched her. She was a terrible liar. He could sense the truth in her words.

And suddenly the heat around them turned into a comforting warmth. That gentle smile she was so freely offering him couldn’t be deceiving. And she was smiling so beautifully, all for him.

If only he knew that behind that smile, was the intense need to break him apart.









Chapter 101.




Let’s Run Away.




Bill Remmer was the type of man who stuck to his schedule. That meant he wouldn’t wake up until he had to, which meant as soon as his head hit his pillow, he was out until the sun rose in the sky.

And yet this time, he was shaken awake out of his dreamscape because of a nightmare. A nightmare of losing his foster daughter, Leyla, but he couldn’t recall what from.

He grumbled about dreams and the unclarity of it all, before he sat up on his bed. He stared at the dark room in front of him, the night had barely finished. Staring further into the small abyss in his room made him feel as though it was waiting to just devour him.

He grunted softly before sighing at himself, opting to lie back down and resume sleeping. But the nightmare was still prominent in his mind.

In his dream he saw Leyla, diligent in her studies, having gotten in by the grace of their Duke. They had both gone to the capital, living happily just as they’d hope with just the two of them. While it was a concern for him that Leyla and Kyle would be in the same premises, he tried to calm himself down.

He had resolved long ago to step aside if the two of them still harbored feelings for each other, and would support them all the way. He wouldn’t get in the way of his foster daughter’s happiness.

Still the nightmare left shivers in his body, he can’t even fathom where the thought sprung on him. How dare he dream about something so awful about Leyla, who only had nothing but goodness in her heart?

Unable to go back to sleep, Bill sat up once more, willing the nightmare to leave his mind. He would have washed it clean off as soon as he awoke if he was able to…

But he couldn’t.

‘Doesn’t make me not want to do it anyway.’ Bill grumbled in his mind.


With that, he threw the covers off of him and got up from bed. He went to the sink in the kitchen, just about to turn on the tap when he stopped in place.

Right there, outside the uncovered window in the kitchen, was a woman.

Bill blinked a few times, squinting his eyes as he scrutinized the sight in front of him. Half of him believed he was still dreaming, the other half hoping he hadn’t gone crazy because of the dream he’d just had.

The woman outside had a slender form, looking particularly ethereal and out of place in the forest road, as she walked, her white robe fluttering behind her with the wind. But what stood out most to Bill was her hair…

It was a familiar golden hair.

“Leyla?” he murmured softly in bewilderment, trying to get a closer look.

Upon closer inspection, she almost looked like a ghost with how pale she was. Her gait indicated exhaustion, and her face…

‘It is Leyla.’ Bill’s eyes widened in realization, before frowning in concern, ‘Yet why does she look so troubled?’

He’d never seen her so tired, like an old wizened woman who learned her lessons the hard way. What was wrong? Did something bad happen to her without him realizing it?

A sudden pang grew in Bill’s chest at the thought of him neglecting Leyla. He resisted the urge to just run out and begin coddling her in an attempt to make it up to her, but he didn’t. Leyla wasn’t the little girl who’d arrive in Arvis for the first time back then.

She was an adult now, and she knew how to take care of herself, as much as she knew she could count on him to help her. At least, he hoped she knew he had her back no matter how bad it seemed to be.

Instead, he went back to his room, pretending to still be asleep, oblivious to her nighttime walk just now. Moments later, he heard the telltale sound of their backdoor opening, before the soft clicks of the locks sliding back into place.

The floorboards in their old corridor creaked ever so slightly under shifting weights.

He could just get up now and ask her, but Bill remained in place.

‘Perhaps I am still in a dream?’ Bill thought belatedly to himself as he listened to the fading footsteps. ‘Or perhaps I’m being haunted by a ghost that isn’t there?’

And with that thought he felt his vision fade once more…

When the sun finally rose, and Bill woke up for what seemed to be a second time that morning, he braced himself to see his foster daughter.


He braced himself to get ready to ask her about the nightly stroll, and that sunken look on her face, but alas, when she turned to face him as he entered the kitchen, she only had bright smiles and a lightness in her steps.

Perhaps he really was only dreaming.

She seemed so jovial and energetic in the morning that Bill could only watch as she flitted around the kitchen, preparing their food and things for her work. Once she was done, she sat down across from him and they began to eat.

Bill could only keep watch as he took in her smile, a pensive expression on his face.

“Uncle?” Leyla called out to him, shaking him out of his thoughts. “Is there something wrong?” She asked, concern shining through her eyes.

“Oh? Nothing.” He smiled gently at her, “Nothing is wrong, dear.” He placated, waving off her concern before resuming in eating his breakfast. But Leyla seemed to not be deterred by his dismissal.

“Tell me.” She insisted.

“There’s really nothing wrong.” Bill insisted back, “Just happy to be home again.” he shot her an honest smile once more. Leyla placed more bread and eggs on his plate, the worry and nervousness now breaking out of her.

But of what, he couldn’t tell.

“Are you sure?” She asked him softly, “Did something just happen to you?” She asked again with a little more alarm than he expected and Bill chuckled softly.

“What a ridiculous notion, Leyla,” Bill teasingly chided her, “Really, there’s nothing for you to worry about.” He reassured her once more.

“Maybe you’re sick, let me check.” She mumbled, moving to place a palm on his forehead worriedly, and Bill only stopped her wrist and placed it gently, yet firmly back down in front of her.

“Leyla,” He said, this time firmer than before, “What have I told you about treating me like a fragile old man?” She flushed, before looking despondent at his light chiding. Bill sighed and placed some food in return at her own plate.

“I’m older than I used to, yes,” Bill started, “But I’m still strong. I know my limits Leyla, you don’t have to worry about that of me.” When she still refused to look at him, Bill decided to try a different tactic.

“Would you like me to carry you like a sack of potatoes again just to prove a point?” He teased her, and she looked back up at him with a flush of embarrassment and immediately shook her head.

Bill chuckled at her childish response and Leyla’s worried look was soon replaced with a look of relief.

“Well, I’m glad you’re fine, uncle.” She told him with a smile.

Bill had always been weak to Leyla’s smile, that even though he felt like something was wrong, he couldn’t actively prod it out of her in fear of hurting her further. Taking care of her, and being in charge of her taught him that love comes with certain pains.

“Well, eat up then,” Bill gestured to her barely touched food, “Keep up that appetite and you’ll be back to being all skin and bones.” He grunted and began to eat again with much gusto.

He then picked a slice of bread and spread a generous amount of butter before handing it out over to her. Leyla smiled thankfully at him and tore into the bread, humming in its delicious taste, which Bill actively participated in as well.

‘Why was I even so nervous this morning?’ Bill thought moments later in their conversation.

Perhaps he was getting older than he expected after all. What a jarring thought it was. Once upon a time, he’d been as young as Leyla, and now here he was, barely recalling his morning thoughts.

Still, it wasn’t as if he couldn’t enjoy these peaceful moments with her.

Bill always believed he had many times left still with Leyla. He’d live as long as her, and watch her become the woman he knew she would be. And he’d always be on the lookout for whatever man who dared clip her wings.

If one day he’d be granted the chance to see her born with children of her own, he wanted to live as long as he could to watch them be their own persons too.

‘Ah, too fast,’ Bill thought, mentally keeping those thoughts under lock and key for later. He was growing more sentimental with his age. Still the jarring feeling of the lucid dream he’d had still lingered in the back of his mind, threatening to overcome his hopeful wishes.

Once breakfast ended, Bill insisted on seeing her off this time, finding himself in no particular hurry today. Leyla looked ridiculous when she kept looking back as she walked out to check on him, eventually bidding him goodbye with a loud declaration that she’d be back in no time!

Bill only waved back at her with a bright smile, sighing proudly as he watched her pedal away and towards her work. The air around him smelled like the fresh morning dew on the grass.

Should they ever live in Ratz, he’d buy her a new bike to carry her to destinations he never could.

Ah, the panging in his heart was returning again. But that was to be expected.

“Well, off to work then,” He told himself, and began gathering the tools he needed to get to work.

Age did give him a lot more things to think about, he supposed.






“Is there really a need to throw it away?” Riette, who had been silently watching all the time, finally spoke out his mind. “It was something you loved.” He softly pointed out.

Claudine spared him a glance, before fiddling with the bracelet in her hand momentarily. After a tense moment of silence, she finally tossed it into the flames with not an ounce of regret on her face. A wordless declaration that she had no intention of changing her mind. A torn letter soon followed the bracelet into the fire.

“It’s already been tainted.” She answered firmly, watching the flames consume the broken bracelet that she’d offered Leyla moments before revealing she knew of her affair with Matthias.

The bracelet had been fully repaired and restored to its former glory, which meant Claudine could use it with no problem of losing it once more. And yet she tossed it as if it was yesterday’s trash, along with the letter that came with it.

Riette could only watch her with a pensive expression. A while later, Riette slapped his palms on his thighs before letting out a sigh and stood up, gaining Claudine’s attention once more.

“It’s a lovely day out today, be a shame if you waste it doing nothing but insult your fiance’s mistress.” Riette pinched the bridge of his nose, slowly approaching closer to the fireplace. Claudine looked at him blankly, an eerie expression on her face.

She stood up eventually when he stopped in front of her to offer a hand, to which she gratefully accepted. She chanced a final glance down at the fireplace, watching the last traces of Leyla Lewellin be engulfed in the never ending flame.

Riette couldn’t help but wonder what the letter was about. When he’d stopped by for a visit with Claudine, he’d been momentarily surprised to hear from the maid that Claudine had received a letter from Miss Lewellin. It wasn’t unexpected for her to send a letter though.

Being one of the envied ladies in court, many men and women alike would often send Lady Brandt, soon to be Duchess Herhardt, gifts to gain favor.

Though what favor Leyla wanted from Claudine, he couldn’t hazard a guess.

Still, he conceded she had at least been correct in her assumption that they were having an affair. Riette himself had been expecting it too, so it hadn’t come as much as a surprise to know the affair was real.

But Claudine, it was Claudine who always made him pause and think. He admitted that most of the time he’d be carefree and a risky person, but not when it came to her. He loved her too much, more than just a cousin.


And he too, had been her most trusted confidante. Just now, when he’d arrived, she had no hesitation in admitting to him what she’d done to Leyla just recently before leaving Arvis Estate. One would almost think she was talking about someone else, but she’d hidden nothing from him.

She told him about practically pushing Kyle to confront Leyla about the affair in an attempt to thwart their relationship, and when that didn’t work, she had purposefully been cruel to Leyla to dissuade her further from getting ideas.

As Riette listened to her narrative, he couldn’t help but grow concerned for her. This wasn’t the Claudine he knew, and grew to love.

“Don’t you think you should confront the Duke about this as well?” Riette finally asked after a good long while. Claudine was startled a bit by his question, but she remained composed, resuming to look up ahead of her as they walked outside.

“I don’t want word getting out to the Duke about what I did, and I hope he never will.” Claudine huffed out angrily, “Why? You think I’m a coward? Not to confront him?” She asked with a mirthless smile as she looked up at Riette.

“So you, dearest, think it’s fair to attack a lowly mistress instead of confronting your fiance, simply because you deem him unbeatable? Is that it?” He asked her, and Claudine glared at him.

“What are you saying?”

“After all, why wouldn’t it be a fair deal? You need only make her disappear, and all will be right once again, won’t it? Why should you confront the Duke and make a great spectacle of it?”

Claudine looked miffed, with a hint of betrayal as she listened to him chide her of what she’d done. Riette sighed, he must make her see…

“Are you even certain that if she disappears, he won’t scour the country looking for her?” He asked her and Claudine finally looked away from him, unable to hold his gaze.

The letter from Leyla had been apologetic, mixed with an earnest request for Claudine to keep their affair underwraps. She needed only enough time before the wedding, then she’d leave Arvis for good and leave Matthias to her alone once more.

[I’m so sorry for taking part in this grave sin against you. I swear to repent for this, and shall disappear from both of your lives forevermore.]

That was one of the lines her letter contained.

And yet Claudine felt no remorse from her about her relationship with Matthias. Instead, she was rather insistent that all this would be fixed if she could just escape from him. Claudine scoffed in her mind at the ridiculousness of her plan.


This was a relationship born from Matthias’ greed and obsession from her. Was she really so naive as to think her disappearing was enough to stop it?

“It’s not about making her disappear.” Claudine finally spoke up, “I just needed to ensure my station, and provide him a male heir.”

Riette laughed despondently this time as he came up to stand beside her once more.

“And what then, Claudine?” Riette continued to prod at her, “You become the Duchess, and fulfill your wifely duties, and then what?”

Claudine remained silent.

“Is that all your life is worth to you?” he continued, and Claudine hummed.

“Not all of it, I suppose,” she mused, “But half of it is, I guess. Though I can’t say I would deny wishing to never see the Duke lose his rationality over such a peasant ever again.”

Claudine’s eyes grew cold at remembering the wanton sounds and their sweet whispers behind closed doors.

“I’d rather she die, to be honest.” She finally admitted, and Riette looked over at her with great concern, “With her forever out of the picture, the world will forever remain blissfully unaware of how low my fiance had gotten. And he’ll return to the picture of the perfect Duke he was supposed to always be.”

“Claudine!”

“Why should I lie about it!?” She turned back to him in frustration, “In my heart I want to kill her, everyday I think about ways to do it too! I know for a fact that because it’s Matthias von Herhardt with the affair, it won’t be his mistake!” She exclaimed.

After all, Matthias was a duke, if he had an affair, it wasn’t such a big deal. She had also thought of ways to make Matthias suffer for the humiliation she would suffer should an affair be revealed, but…

She was still a woman, and she needed her husband alive.

Riette listened, content in letting Claudine let out every troubling thought that had been festering in her. He watched as the madness in her slowly rose to the surface, contorting the person he loved into someone he couldn’t recognize.

Riette truly wanted the best for her, and wouldn’t dare stand in the way. And he knew for a fact before that the one who could give it to her, was the Duke of Arvis.

But seeing her destroy herself by holding on dearly to this engagement she’d been carefully working hard for, Riette was having second thoughts if he should remain silent on the matter.

She was destroying herself, Riette could see it as clear as day.


She’d held onto this picture-perfect ruse to please society and hold-up her family’s noble name, despite never being man enough. She braced herself for a loveless marriage to keep her family in a good-standing and yet…

‘Why should I give her up to a man who won’t even cherish her?’

There it was. A thought he’d buried so deeply in his heart, he thought it died so long ago. Seeing her chip her own brilliance away was heartbreaking for him.

“It shouldn’t matter how great a Duchess’ position is,” He softly responded, gently holding her hand, cradling it lovingly in his hands, bringing it up right to his chest, where his heart was, “Nothing is worth it if you’ll end up destroying yourself, Claudine.”

Riette watched as her eyes widened, a glassy look washing over them. He gave her a soft smile, and went to cup her cheeks.

“Don’t marry him.” He begged her softly, and Claudine blinked back what should be tears, as she looked up at him disbelievingly.

“Riette…” She breathed out in shock.

“Don’t destroy yourself for him.” Riette begged as well, before gently kneeling before her in one knee, now the one looking up to her as he held onto her hand with both of his so desperately.

Claudine’s breathing grew shaky as she watched him in shock.

Seeing him like this, with nothing but seriousness and determination…

For the first time, Claudine thought him to be more than just a dear friend who brought her joy and comfort. Her heart skipping a beat in her chest as he knelt breathtakingly in front of her, begging for her to leave Matthias…

It wasn’t the first time he’d done this, she knew that. Yet he always followed it up with a joke or two right afterwards, which was why she managed to brush it off just as easily before…

An unspoken agreement between them to never cross that line. And yet here he was, crossing that line in an attempt to be with her.

“If I don’t marry him,” Claudine’s voice was shaky, making her gulp down to regain some composure, “If I break off the engagement, you’ll marry me instead?”

“I don’t see why I shouldn’t.” Riette admitted to her, still kneeling in front of her, and Claudine’s face twisted into something in a panic and helplessness, hoping he’d see it from her perspective as well.

“Don’t fool yourself Marquis Lindman!” She hissed quietly, the glassy look in her eyes returning, “Have you thought about what the people would say? I can almost see the headlines now! Lady Brandt,


Weighing Two Cousin Bachelors for Marriage, or perhaps Marquis Lindman betrays and steals his cousin’s fiance!”

She cupped his face firmly, yet gently, willing for him to see it too!

“We’re going to be the ostracized ones here Riette, when it should be Matthias and Leyla!” She hissed at him, a lone tear finally slipping through her cracks.

Riette only looked at her lovingly, his thumb gently wiping the tear off her rosy cheeks.

“So let them, I don’t care.” He told her plainly, finally standing up to be closer to her, his hand moving to her waist. Claudine gasped as she looked up at him with widened eyes, stuttering in her words.

“O-our families would never support this!” She protested weakly, “Even the Lindmans would be furious!”

“I know.”

“If we ever give in to ourselves and choose each other, we’d be banished and have a rough life together! Are you even prepared for that?!”

Claudine’s voice broke as she saw the answer in Riette’s eyes long before he even answered her. Tears streamed down her face freely, and she would have crumpled up if Riette wasn’t holding her up.

She could feel the warmth in his arms.

“I’m prepared to go through hell for you.” Riette whispered lovingly at her. He then removed the napkin on his breast pocket and lightly dabbed her tears away, simultaneously bringing up her hand to kiss the inside of her wrist.

“I love you, Claudine.” He finally admitted.“Choose me, marry me, my love…” Riette drew a shaky breath as his face drew near to Claudine, just a hair breadth away from her lips.

“Run away with me.” He whispered, gently resting his forehead against hers, closing his eyes in a wishful prayer.


Chapter 102.




A Completely Different Road.







Every year, in the early spring, was when the Empress’ birthday party would always be held. The noble ladies of the Empire would then flock to the capital to take part in it.

Aside from paying their respects to the most powerful woman in the empire, the Empress’ birthday celebration also heralded the beginning of the year’s social season. It was considered a great honor and status to be invited, hence all invited families prepared for the banquet with ardent efforts.

Which also explained the current hustle and bustle of the servants in Arvis Estate. Some servants could even be seen carrying the two duchesses’ luggage, darting back and forth, in and out of the mansion so early in the morning.

“All preparations for departure are complete, madam.” Hessen informed them with a respectful bow after appearing beside them swiftly.

The two duchesses graced him with elegant smiles before they stood up and made their way to leave. Their ladies-in-waiting dutifully followed them outside. Matthias, on his part, escorted his grandmother down the grand staircase leading to the lobby’s hall.

“It would be nice if you could go with us.” Norma mused out loud, looking at her grandson with regret. He’d informed them beforehand that his schedule could not permit his attendance for the event, as such he’d decided to visit the capital on the night of the banquet instead.

“Ah well, it is to be expected I suppose,” Norma continued, “You are quite the busy man, but that doesn’t excuse you from attending these social gatherings you know?” She lightly chided him, “Attendance in these events are just as important as expanding the business.”

The world she once knew was changing, even the societal norms were modifying themselves over time. Nobles nowadays no longer have the luxury of staying and living in just one place for the rest of their lives. Instead, they needed to expand their reaches far and wide.

And yet the walls between social classes grew thicker, and higher, widening the gap between the aristocrats, and the less fortunate.

It was doubly important now for them to cement their status as high lords and ladies in their respective lands. As such, continued attendance and effort is expected of them in these events.

“I understand, grandmother.” Matthias replied politely.

Norma felt a little relieved seeing him as how he usually portrayed himself, but the unease between the glances of the two duchesses remained unchanged.

“Well then, we’ll meet you in Ratz, my dear.” Elysee hummed, bidding her son goodbye. Both exchanged a brief hug with one another, before the two women climbed into the carriage. Matthias stayed in place, shutting the door behind them firmly and watched as the carriage rolled away, and out of the estate.

He was the perfect example of an exemplary gentleman, until the moment the carriage they rode on was gone from view. A few moments later, Hessen appeared, softly informing him of recent news of the day.

“Atty. Staff had sent word he’ll be arriving around afternoon today, sir.” Hessen reported, shortly following Matthias as he entered the front lobby. His master only gave him a curt nod to indicate that he was listening.

For many years, the Staff family had been their most trusted advisors when it came to legal matters within the Herhardt household.

Hessen politely advised him to discuss the current matters to the company’s own set of lawyers as well. Matthias agreed with him, but wanted to discuss it first with Atty. Staff before that, and then he’d make a decision.

After receiving his orders for the day, Hessen made his exit and left his master back to his own devices.

Now alone, Matthias paused for a moment in the middle of the marble hall, before his eyes slowly drifted upwards to the Herhardt family crest that adorned the huge chandelier. His crystal blue eyes gazed at it indecipherably, taking in its image with its elegant backdrop of the intricate ceiling. The light from the chandelier gave it a deep, cool glow.

Moments later, Matthias resumed his walk across the hall.








Unbeknownst to Matthias, as soon as the carriage left the Arvis grounds, Norma’s face darkened considerably at the thought of her grandson staying behind. Across from her, Elysee von Herhardt took off her gloves with an equally weary look.

“Elysee, do you really think it’s that kind of thing?” Norma softly asked the younger matriarch. Elysee breathed deeply in for a moment, taking the time to watch the scenery outside as they passed through the road.


“I will admit, I am having doubts, he portrays himself as the usual Matthias we know.” Elysee began, “But I raised that boy, and I can sense the change in him.” She stated, looking back at the older matriarch.

“His sudden kindness to Bill Remmer was too out of character, even for him,” Elysee pointed out, “But it makes a lot more sense when it comes to one Leyla Lewellin, doesn’t it?” Elysee huffed out bitterly.

Norma resorted to staring out the window of the carriage, neither affirming nor denying Elysee’s allegations.

She drew a great pride in her past days as the Herhardt capable duchess, no doubt her daughter-in-law was the same. Years of maneuvering how to conduct themselves perfectly in front of many eyes taught them a thing or two about keeping faces. Even more in spotting someone pretending, even just a mile away.

Norma was certain Elysee wasn’t just bluffing because she hated the gardener and his foster daughter.

“Perhaps we should confront him then, as soon as Matthias joins us in Ratz in time for the banquet?” Norma suggested, and Elysee hummed.

“I entertained the thought before, but I think it’s for the best that we don’t.” Elysee answered as she looked at her mother-in-law with uncertainty in her eyes. “With the way he’s been acting, it’s almost like Matthias is baiting us to ask that question.”

Elysee took a deep breath, narrowing her eyes slightly as she peered outside. She doesn’t like getting outsmarted, not even if it’s her son who had outsmarted her.

“You know him as well as I,” Elysee continued, facing back her mother-in-law, “If he really is planning for something, what would it most likely be?”

Norma didn’t need time to think about what her daughter-in-law was pertaining to. She understood it almost immediately. And it was those words that caused the old Herhardt matriarch to think deeper about her grandson’s latest doings.

If ever their assumptions had even an ounce of truth in them, things would turn out very complicated for everyone involved.

They knew there was something going on between Matthias and the gardener’s foster daughter. They noticed it as soon as Matthias had announced the unexpected decision to sponsor Leyla’s education, alongside with the transfer of Bill Remmer to their mansion in the capital.

Now that she thought about it, she couldn’t help but feel even more ridiculous! Matthias hardly tried to make their affair a secret! He was actively flaunting this scandal out in public! And they were trying to avoid it from ever blowing up and getting out into public knowledge by pretending they didn’t notice it at all!


“If we are right about them, what should we do?” Elysee asked her again, the trepidation clearly heard in her voice, “What’s best for our family?”

“It’s best for the Herhardt house to pretend we know nothing about this, Elysee.” Norma finally decided, lowering her voice into a whisper, cautious in case there were stray ears nearby.

With Matthias and Claudine’s wedding just around the corner, it was more important to make sure nothing was amiss. The wedding must happen without any scandals or problems surfacing.

This affair of Matthias must be kept under wraps.

“Given that he was going to send Leyla Lewellin to the capital, it meant he’s still willing to go through with the wedding.” Norma hummed thoughtfully, “Yes, it’s a better option for us to never mention this to him at all.”

“Well, my first and foremost priority is getting Matthias married to Claudine safely.” Elysee von Herhardt huffed out softly.

She would have loved to confront Matthias about this at once, and consequently get rid of the person who was the sole reason why the marriage that both their families have worked hard to make a reality was still in the works all this time. Knowing Matthias though, he would just as well break the engagement off and marry the peasant instead if that ever happened.

It would be best to currently acquiesce to Leyla Lewellin being her son’s mistress, as she ensured nothing would ruin the marriage and union between the Brandt and Herhardt houses.

“Still, I can’t help but feel quite concerned about this.” Elysee murmured softly in a worried voice, rubbing a delicate finger on her temple as she felt a headache coming up. “Matthias doesn’t seem too worried about getting caught, in fact, it’s almost like he wants to be found out.”

Norma’s eyes dropped, unable to refute the younger matriarch’s statement.

“What if, because we failed to curb this affair of his, he’d break his marriage with young Lady Brandt and marry Leyla Lewellin instead?” Elysee finally voiced out, and Norma gasped out in disbelief.

“I,” Norma felt herself grow speechless at her daughter-in-law’s words, “How could our Matthias ever think to do that?”

Norma had been quite proud of her grandchildren, watching them grow up to be respectable people, now in their primes. But the thought of Matthias doing that and marrying Leyla left a bitter taste in her mouth. Elysee von Herhardt’s incessant worrying was becoming quite infectious.

“Matthias was never like the children around him, we knew that most growing up,” Elysee murmured softly, staring outside the window, “It once gave me such relief to know that, but now it’s the sole reason I’m so worried about this engagement of his”

Her gloved hands clenched in front of her as it lay limply on her lap.


As a child, Matthias never gave her trouble. As such, she never felt the need to talk to him about the expectations and duties as someone of his stature because it came so natural for him. What would take years to instill on a rowdy normal child, Matthias would take like bees to nectar.

And yet oftentimes she could feel it too. The desperate need inside him to rebel against the standards society instilled on him and the generations before him.

Some would say it was because he’d decided as a child to become the perfect successor, that he’d led such a perfect life. But if that really was the case then, Elysee knew he would also be the type of person who could just as quickly abandon everything he worked for if he just up and decided to be someone else too.

And that was the truth about Matthias.

He would be polite, outstanding, and the perfect model, but he follows no other will than his own. No one else mattered to him, not unless he wanted it to. Being his mother did not spare her from this fact.

“You’re right,” Norma finally said, breaking the tension inside her daughter-in-law, “Hopefully it won’t come to that.”

“Yes, hopefully.” Elysee quickly agreed, giving her mother-in-law a tight smile.

‘Just what are you planning to do, Matthias?’ Elysee wondered in her thoughts, unable to shake the growing uneasiness in her.








After a long day of marking the children’s papers, Leyla stood up at the desk, rubbing her stiff shoulders, letting her limbs stretch out as she took a short walk to loosen up some of her tightly coiled muscles from sitting too long.

It was already past nine o’clock, and Phoebe returned home without a letter. She found it fortunate there was no call from the Duke tonight.

With a sigh of relief, she had just decided to go open the closet door when she heard an unexpected knock outside her window.

It made Leyla freeze, before she glanced at her bird’s cage. Phoebe was already tucked comfortably into her cage. She checked the lock on the cage’s door several times, and there was no way that Phoebe could have escaped her confined space and back in again.

‘Maybe it’s her hallucination?’ she wondered, trying to brush the sound off.


And there it was again! The knock on the window grew clearer and louder. It was not just her imagination, and it definitely was not her bird. Leyla’s breath hitched and her eyes grew wide in sudden realization!

‘Don’t tell me-!’

Hurriedly, yet quietly, Leyla slid her curtains open. As soon as the curtains were drawn, she saw no one outside, it made her frown in confusion.

‘Then who the hell?’

She eyed carefully the darkened forest outside her window, before carefully opening it to get a clearer look. She was almost convinced the sound was just another figment of her paranoia, when she noticed an out of place shadow on the ground.

Following its source, she jolted back in surprise at the sight in front of her. She yelped out a small shriek, before immediately covering up her mouth to stifle her scream. She didn’t want her uncle suddenly waking up to see her like this!

It was Matthias in the flesh, suddenly in front of her. He gave her a smug grin as he leaned on the wall right next to the window. He clearly meant to frighten her, and was content in watching her frighten so easily over so small a thing.

He chuckled softly at the sight of her flushed face. She was so adorable.

“Good evening Leyla.” He greeted huskily, sending slight shivers down Leyla’s spine, her cheeks flushing for an entirely different reason.

‘Don’t break character now Leyla!’ She scolded herself in her mind, before shyly tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. She hugged herself, feeling a little vulnerable seeing him here in her cabin once more.

“D-duke, I wasn’t expecting you.” She politely told him, “Wh-why are you here?” she stuttered out.

“Well, why do you think that is?” He asked back at her, and Leyla couldn’t help but become a little miffed at his playfulness. She had no time for this!

“Well, if you’re just here to annoy me, then kindly go back home!” She huffed out angrily before trying to close back her windows. Her eyes darted back inside her room, watching her closed door anxiously.

She knew her uncle usually goes to sleep around this time, but having Matthias in their cabin put her in great discomfort.

“Please duke, just, hngh!”

Her next words became muffled as soon as Matthias unabashedly pulled her to him to steal a long, passionate kiss.


He gripped her chin firmly in place, prodding her mouth open as his tongue dove into her mouth, tasting every crevice inside, selfishly taking her in. His tongue entwined effortlessly with Leyla’s, dancing around each other until it coaxed an erotic moan out of her.

Matthias pulled away with a wet squelch, and grinned down at her flushed face. Their soft, ragged breaths mixed with each other, and Leyla grew more anxious as seconds ticked by.

“Come out with me.” Matthias ordered her, but Leyla softly frowned at him, shaking her out of the daze at staring at his plump lips in front of her.

“No, I can’t do that!” She quietly hissed at him, making Matthias frown at her.

“If you won’t, then invite me in at least.”

Leyla sighed at his insistence, unwilling to do that either.

“Why are you here this late anyway?” She asked him curiously, before bracing herself with one hand on the windowsill, and another holding onto Matthias, but instead of moving to sneak out, she was insistently pushing him away.

She couldn’t let him inside, she wouldn’t. Not with her uncle here!

“Please just go! I mean, I can’t go out now.” She pleaded, but Matthias kept frowning at her.

“Why?”

“Uncle Bill might be awake!”

She knew he wasn’t, but Matthias didn’t know that. Though it seemed, Matthias wasn’t bothered about other people knowing about them.

“So what’s the problem?” He asked her, rolling his eyes at such a trivial excuse.

It seemed he really couldn’t understand her, and so Leyla relented. His eyes kept darting around them, as if trying to see what was so difficult that she couldn’t just go out with him tonight.

“Give me one good reason why I should go with you tonight?” Leyla asked him tiredly, and he just grinned at her.

“Because I want you to.” He spoke it so honestly and unashamedly, his smile became as soft as it was arrogant.

Leyla took the time to assess her choices, before she gave out a sigh. Nothing would be changing Matthias’ mind tonight, and the more she’ll insist he’ll leave, the less she would convince him she loved him.

Which would brew more trouble for her.


Giving Matthias one last glare, Leyla hurriedly locked the door and returned to the window. Just as she braced herself to go out, she glared back at him dryly.

“A gentleman will not ask her lady to go through the window.” She snarked at him and he only smirked at her in return.

“I don’t think it’s applicable to someone who is good at climbing trees.”

Leyla spluttered at his statement, flushing in embarrassment, which only made him smirk more pleasingly at her expression.

“I-I don’t climb trees anymore these days!” She huffed out haughtily.

Leyla soon decided to get it over with quickly, hoisting herself through the open window with quick, light movements. Matthias stepped aside to give her some berth once she went over, before he approached her.

It almost seemed like he was coming to help her, but Leyla ignored him and independently got through with not much trouble, holding her chin up high as she did, as though telling him she didn’t need his help.

“It seems you give yourself little credit,” Matthias pointed out with amusement, “You’re still as nimble as before.”

He strode past her and closed the window behind her firmly, before he snatched Leyla’s hand as soon as she turned to look back at him.

With no further word, he immediately walked away, half dragging, and pulling her to match his pace. The two went around the backyard, and down towards the moonlit forest path. There were sounds of crickets in the air, and the crunching of fallen leaves and twigs beneath every step they took.

Leyla watched the night sky through the gaps of the trees overhead, a wispy white breath escaping her.

It was only when she could hardly see the cabin did Leyla finally allow herself to relax, feeling the tension eventually slip away from her body. She focused back ahead of her, before frowning at the direction they were headed.

“This… this is not the way to the annex, is it?” She asked Matthias with slight alarm and confusion. As usual, Matthias seemed unbothered, continuing to lead her down a completely unfamiliar path.

“This is the right way.” He informed her coolly, repositioning his loose hold on her hand. He slipped her fingers on the gaps between his, holding on to her more firmly than before. Though the forest around them was dark, the moon above their heads did an excellent job in shining down their path.

“Stay with me,” He told her firmly, his grasp growing tighter when he felt her hold loosen up in his, “I have something to show you.”


Though he said it gently and softly as a whisper, Leyla couldn’t help the sense of foreboding that was rising up within her.






Chapter 103.




Breakdown.







Music floated around the room as noble ladies from every corner of the empire gathered to celebrate the Queen’s birthday. Among those in current attendance for today’s gathering, was Lady Claudine von Brandt. Upon noticing her, immediately a few ladies made their way towards her in quick, yet measured steps.

In no time, Claudine found herself circled by envious ladies.

“It’s been a while, Lady Brandt.” Greeted one of them.

“Ah, I remember seeing you at a gathering held at the Herhardt’s.” Claudine remarked amicably, “It’s wonderful to see you again.”

“Indeed, though we met quite briefly so you probably won’t remember.” She replied with a bright smile, “Please allow me to introduce ourselves again-”

“No need,” Claudine politely interrupted, smiling at the other lady, “I remember you perfectly fine, Lady Esher.”

The younger lady’s cheeks flushed at the sound of her name leaving the esteemed Lady Brandt’s lips.

Claudine then turned to her quiet companion with an equally bright smile.

“And of course, Lady Diane.” The shorter lady’s expression mirrored her companion. The two ladies exchanged happy glances at each other, each one giddy at the fact they were remembered despite their short interaction previously.

The two of them were the Viscountess’ daughters. She had been observing them, just a few steps away and couldn’t help the slight sneer appearing on her face at the sight of their inappropriate behaviors.


Nevertheless, the sister’s remained undeterred in their excitement, and proceeded to chatter towards Claudine, praising her from time to time. One particular topic they were quite taken with, was the upcoming nuptials of Lady Brandt with Duke of Arvis, Matthias von Herhardt.

Claudine kept the smile plastered on her face, content with listening to the two sisters’ gossip and praise. Among their chatter included news from all over the empire. Claudine found it absolutely interesting to hear about.

This habit of hers had been instilled forcefully upon her during her formative years, mainly because her mother deemed it important to know what’s been happening and exploit opportunities. Now, it comes to Claudine as a second nature.

Almost as quickly as she could in remembering names and matching it to the correct faces.

As soon as the sisters left her alone, new ladies would approach her, and then they’d talk and then move on. On and on this went, and Claudine made quite a few more beneficial friends. The bright lights shimmered overhead and the sweet smell of flowers wafted through the air.

Overall, it was shaping up to be a very good celebration for tonight.

Eventually, Claudine had made her rounds with all the noble ladies, before ending it with spending time with the Crown Princess. Once they finished chatting, Claudine found herself lounging by the ottoman chairs near the palace’s massive windows, overlooking the darkened empire outside..

Countess Brandt’s observing eyes bore into the back of Claudine’s head. Discreetly, she turned to look at her mother, who gave her a broad smile, seemingly pleased with how active Claudine was in making connections within the court.

In no time at all, her mother was back at her side, a perfectly manicured hand gripping her shoulder gently.

“Look at you, acting all queen-like, Claudine,” her mother praised her quietly, her voice just above a whisper, “What with the current Herhardt Duchesses unable to make their appearance.” Her mother added, slight disdain leaking out of her voice, making Claudine frown a bit.

“Mom.” she softly chided, but her mother just huffed out, holding up her chin in a haughty manner.

“What?” she snapped softly back at her daughter, “It’s not as if I’m wrong in that regard.” She then quickly fixed the stray locks on the back of her daughter’s dress. “You’re proving to be very well equipped as the next Herhardt Duchess, and everyone knows it.” She remarked proudly, unable to hide her giddiness at seeing the other noble ladies flock towards her daughter.

While it was true that the power of the family belongs to the men, it was the women’s job, the hostess, who maintained the dignity and fame suitable for the powerful households.


No matter how high and wealthy a man would be, if the woman of the house was not of a respectable and esteemed position in society, he would only be half of a nobleman.

And even for the great household of the Herhardt in the empire, the same was true.

While no one can deny the long history, honor, and high authority of the Dukes of Herhardt had allowed them to reign as one of the empire’s top aristocrats, it was the Duchess’ of the family who have maintained and cultivated their social status for generations. Because of their involvement in the empire’s topmost social circles, they have strengthened their family’s integrity.

Countess Brandt looked at her daughter, smiling at knowing that Claudine was next in line to become Duchess Herhardt. With one last fussing over her daughter’s impeccable appearance, she eventually returned to the group of ladies she had been mingling with, moments prior to approaching Claudine.

Once her mother had left her alone, Claudine returned to the banquet hall to resume doing her part as the soon-to-be Duchess.

“It truly is a pity that the Duchesses of Herhardt were not present, though I am happy at least the soon-to-be Duchess is amongst us.” The Baroness, who was the day’s current host, approached them with a graceful smile on her face.

“Thank you,” Claudine beamed gratefully at her, “It was indeed regretful both of them couldn’t attend tonight as they just arrived this evening in Ratz,” she informed them with an apologetic smile, “Had they arrived earlier, I’m sure they would have attended it with no delay.” She added.

“Ah well, it couldn’t be helped after all, though they are missed.” The Baroness assured Claudine, who returned her a grateful smile upon her understanding.

Indeed the day she’d be wed to Matthias was drawing closer. She couldn’t afford to lose face now with the date being so close…

Soon, she’ll be Duchess Herhardt.

“No.”

Her voice rang deep in the back of her mind as she pulled away from Riette’s warm arms and firmly put distance between them. She had felt the tears flow down her face, a deep aching in her chest as she turned away from her dear friend.

But she was not to be deterred. The fate of her family and their honor rests in her marriage with the Duke. And even if that wasn’t true, Claudine couldn’t be led by her emotions.

“You and I both know that we are people who cannot lead a life away from what we’ve always known,” Claudine explained, “Even if we love each other, we’d soon grow bitter towards each other. You know that we will if we follow down this path.”


She knew now that Riette’s love for her was real. She knew him better than anyone before, and this was why she must pull away before they made choices they will regret.

She also couldn’t bear it if she had to watch Riette’s heart be broken in front of her. But as true as his love for her was, so was their harsh reality.

They were born and raised around luxury. It had been instilled in their youth that there would be no greater honor than to keep their good name and honor of their families, and to remain respected and influential…

And most importantly, above everyone. The higher the status you hold in society, the more you’d be able to enjoy life…

And Claudine loved the luxuries in life. Riette was no different from her in this regard. They’re like the flowers housed in a carefully conditioned greenhouse, tended and cared to perfection.

But once they’re taken out, can they even survive?

Even if they loved each other with everything they had, love was not enough to keep them alive, or their relationship going. Love alone never was.

This was the best she could do, for both her and Riette’s sake. She must be the logical one, she must be strong in her convictions, or else, everything will fall to ruin, and she and Riette will bear the worst of the critics.

Claudine smiled despondently to herself, her mind immediately conjuring up images of a golden haired peasant lying in a pool of her own blood.

Even in that moment, she killed Leyla in her mind.

Leyla must disappear for good in their lives, so that the most perfect husband she knew, Duke Matthias von Herhardt, can return to his old predictable, and respectable self.



Leyla let out a deep breath at the sound of the master suite’s door closing firmly behind her. From the moment since she entered the Duke’s mansion, she could feel her legs shaking, gradually losing strength. She would have almost fallen to the floor had Matthias not been supporting her.

“Don’t laugh.” Leyla glared fiercely at Matthias, who chuckled relentlessly like an amused child. Leyla felt her face flushing in embarrassment. “Are you really laughing at me!?” She huffed out indignantly with a shaky voice.

After escorting Leyla towards the nearest sofa, Mathias coolly walked towards the window, facing the garden. His hands gripped the closed curtains, before flicking them wide open. He then flicked the lock on the window open, allowing a cool breeze to pass through.


She watched him in pure focus, slowly regaining her bearings within her mind, before she looked around them, eyes filled with a mix of apprehension and curiosity.

Like all places the Duke’s brought her to, the room was also spacious. It had high ceilings and splendid carvings of design. No matter where she looked, she was met with undeniable proof of how powerful the Herhardts really were, making her feel dizzy and air in her lungs suffocating.

Never once did she imagine stepping foot inside the mansion once she agreed to be Matthias’s mistress.

She almost didn’t recognize it in the dark, until he led her through the lobby.

‘How can you be anything but crazy?’ Leyla thought to herself as she observed him. She couldn’t fathom the Duke to be sane at all, especially when he’d risk having her seen in his very own mansion.

“Keep making a racket and the in-house servants will come running here.” He then gave her a mischievous smirk, loving the current struggle she was faced with upon arriving in his house, “Imagine their surprise at seeing you here, with me alone.” He whispered right next to her ear, before pulling away, “Either way, it won’t matter to me.”

Matthias was serious when he said that to her. To him, it would be nothing if they were to be discovered. Upon realizing how futile it was for her to keep resisting tonight, she thought it best to give in to his whims for now.. She also didn’t want to attract additional attention to themselves.

She just wanted everything to be over and done with.

The rest of their night together passed by in a blur for Leyla. So used to their nightly activities, she could just lose herself completely in her thoughts while the rest of her participated in these illicit acts.

The only reminder she had left, was the soreness in her thighs, and the erratic beating within her breast. She found it fortunate that the mansion was massive, and the rooms were spaced further apart from each other.

The house servants remained unaware of her presence in their master’s bedroom, for outside the Duke’s room, the corridors remained still and silent for the rest of the night.

Come morning, Leyla would be walking out of the front door, all skittish and paranoid at wandering eyes. A far cry from when she once walked through these doors last summer season.

It was during that party held by the Duke, sometime in the middle of summer. Claudine had invited her over, and she walked through these doors content and naive. Somehow, this time made her feel intimidated.

“Why exactly did you bring me here?” Leyla finally asked him, breathless as her chest rose and fell in tandem with his. With just a flimsy sheet between them, she rolled over to face him

Matthias spared her a glance, billowing out a smooth stream of smoke out his lips, admiring how perfect she looked draped across his bed, wrapped in his sheets, and all exhausted by him.


“Oh? Does that mean you’re calm enough to be reasonable now?” He quipped at her, and Leyla huffed out in a haughty manner.

“No,” She replied quickly with ease, “I just merely wish to know as soon as possible.”

“Why the rush?”

“The more you keep me in suspense, the more I can never calm down,” She explained to him irritably, “So if you don’t mind, I want to see it quickly and leave before anyone else would see me.”

Despite how serious she was in her response, Matthias ended up bursting into laughter. Leyla remained perplexed at his continued behavior, unable to even think about ways to make the man fall for her.

There were moments she worried she’d gone too far and had dissuaded him from believing she was in love with him, but so far, he’d yet to pick up on her lies.

Disliking how he was finding her amusing, Leyla lifted her head up high, before feeling her breath caught in her throat. She was trying to refrain herself from appearing foolish, and yet she couldn’t help but fidget on the bed.

Matthias eventually discarded his cigarette, swiftly snuffing out the fire from the end of the used stick.

He then rose up from his seat, before walking over to Leyla, who sat up on his approach.

She gathered more of the sheets to wrap herself in, looking every bit like an incensed child. Matthias’ lips curled up in a genuine smile. He outstretched a hand towards her.

She stared at his offered hand for a moment longer, before relenting and begrudgingly accepted it. Barely a second of contact, Matthias’ hands wrapped around hers and tugged her up. She squeaked before looking up at him in shock, a pretty flush painting her cheeks.

Matthias repositioned her hand, until her arm was draping alongside his. Leyla’s brows furrowed in confusion the longer she waited for him.

“You’re being weird again.” Leyla slightly pointed out.

“How so?”

Leyla stuttered her answer in a bunch of jumbled and incoherent sounds, unable to word her thoughts.

She wanted him to just let it be, but Matthias was stubborn all the way through.

“Are you actually embarrassed holding me like this?” Matthias inquired, a hint of amusement leaking out of his voice, “When we’ve done much more than this? Your state of undress is proof of that.” Matthias pointed out, looking up and down her naked body, which was only covered by a thin blanket.

He can see the outline of her body underneath it with no problem. Leyla flushed at his crude words.

“Y-you! How could you just say it like that?!”


“If you don’t like it, then just take my hand like my good mistress.” He coolly answered her with a smirk firmly on his lips.

Unable to take anymore of his teasing and insults, Leyla reluctantly obeyed Matthias’s orders, firmly grasping his forearm in resignation. Once he was satisfied with her cooperation, they began their leisurely walk.

They were just walking together like this only served to confuse Leyla some more, rendering her unable to decide what her next course of action should be. It was odd for her to imagine her like this, hanging off his arm like how she usually saw Claudine doing whenever they appeared in public.

Claudine, whenever she stood by Matthias, always seemed as dignified and graceful as one would expect a queen to be. Deep down, Leyla couldn’t help but feel inferior to the Lady’s natural grace and talent.

Matthias spared her a glance, before letting out a chuckle once more, gaining Leyla’s attention back to him.

“Hadn’t you gone to a prestigious school for girls? You should have been taught how to walk properly like this.” He mused, taking note at how uncomfortable and stiff her walk was.

The Gillis Girls’ School, which Leyla attended in her youth, was considered to be one of the most prestigious schools in the city.

Most of the aristocrats would entrust their daughters to the home based tutors, but some of the wealthier middle class families preferred sending their daughters to the prestigious schools instead. As such, there was no way that the school, which was solely aimed to cultivate women to act like noble ladies, would have neglected this type of etiquette lesson.

“I did.” Leyla replied dryly, increasingly unsatisfied with his company.

“Well then, it seems to me that the Gillis Girls’ School is not very efficient at teaching their students,” Matthias hummed in thought, “I feel cheated if I were to continue to sponsor you like this, should I withdraw the offer then?”

“Fine, I was a poor student of etiquette! There! Are you happy now?!” Leyla snapped, and Matthias only continued smirking at her.

“Ah, but if that’s the case, then it must have been a rumor that you were one of the top students in school, wasn’t it?” He continued to tease her, which only evoked Leyla to be increasingly miffed at this continuous accusations!

“How dare you insult me like that?! For your information, I did well in everything except etiquette!”

“Why was it so difficult for you to follow the proper manners and etiquette?”


“Simple, I found it beneath me to follow their standards. I had more fun studying actual things of importance than how to greet beautifully and act gracefully.” She huffed out angrily.

So into their conversation, Leyla found herself caught unaware when a new door opened up in front of her, to reveal a new luxurious and spacious room!

When Leyla saw what lay beyond, she felt the breath taken out of her. And yet, in the middle of it, was another massive bed, which made her frown in thought.

Come to think of it, there was no bed in the room earlier. Knowing that all this space, all this freedom belonged to one person, to Duke Herhardt, Leyla couldn’t help but feel glaringly inadequate in his presence once more.

Oblivious to her warring mind, Matthias led a dazed Leyla further into his bedroom.

Truly she never ceased to amaze him! She was certainly more interesting than the rest of the noble ladies he’s met with over the years. Even more amusing watch her stumble and be all clumsy in all terms of manners and etiquette.

Had his grandmother and mother just heard what she said about what she deemed more important, well, they would have been appalled and fainted at the spot!

“Do we still have a long way to go to reach our mystery destination?” Leyla asked him as she looked up, forcing them both to halt in their steps. “Couldn’t you just show it to me now? I really need to be back in the cabin quickly.” She pleaded with him.

Being in this room was suffocating for her, and she didn’t know why. She didn’t want to remain in here any longer than she should.

Matthias simply hummed, cupping her cheek gently in one hand before drawing her face near. He dipped his head down, before planting a sweet kiss on her forehead.

As soon as he pulled away, he looked back into the room and let out a sharp shrill of a whistling sound. Leyla’s eyes widened at his sudden break in pattern and looked around nervously, stuttering through her next words.

“D-duke, what are you doing?” She asked nervously in a whisper. But instead of answering her questions to put her in ease, Matthias proceeded to whistle into the room again.

Leyla grew nervous, her eyes flitting towards both sides of the hall in wariness. She was half convinced the Duke’s true colors of a madman was resurfacing once more, when she heard it…

The unmistakable sound of a returning chirp, perfectly matching the whistle the Duke had just let out.

Leyla watched in rapt attention, the nervousness sliding off her body as she waited to see what made that mirroring melody.


There it was, a small bird fluttering from the other side of the bedroom to the other. It was a small yellow thing, as far as Leyla could tell, and certainly wasn’t a figment of her imagination. She watched as it flapped its wings, before landing on a nearby stand in the form of a peacock.

This small, melodious, yellow thing was a bird.

A canary.










Chapter 104.




Like a Queen.







Leyla and the canary stared at each other for quite some time. She watched the bird in rapt attention, mesmerized by the way it flapped its wings behind its small body, chirping in perfect mimicry the tune that the Duke had been whistling moments prior.

Leyla tilted her head at it, and in response, the bird mirrored her actions in equal curiosity. It resumed its adorable chirping, flapping its wings once more, before landing perfectly on the Duke’s shoulder.

Eyes still on the small canary, Leyla couldn’t help but ask the burning question in her mind, her hurry all thrown in the wind at the small distraction.

“Is this your bird?” she asked him softly, fingers twitching, wanting to caress its feathers. She was still unable to comprehend if what she was seeing was reality, or was it just another one of her dreams?

“Oh, my God,” she murmured softly, watching how gentle the Duke was treating it with gentle caresses of his long, slender fingers…

And the canary felt perfectly content nuzzling into the calloused hands that handled her a lot differently.

“Unbelievable.” she muttered, finally gaining Matthias’ attention back.

“What’s unbelievable?” He inquired, fingers still touching the canary.


“I, I,” Leyla flushed, just realizing she said it out loud. She gulped down her embarrassment though, her thrill at the sight of him with the canary absolutely fascinating her!

“Mr. Evers used to say that you raise small and pretty birds.” She began, licking her lips nervously, “I guess I never really believed it was true, until now.” She said the last part softly, eyes still trailed in acute fondness of observing the canary.

Matthias hummed softly, pondering about what she just said.

‘I can’t believe that my attendant, who I assumed all this time to be quiet and faithful, would spill such nonsense.’ He thought in slight distaste, a frown marring his features.

A movement was caught in the corner of his eyes, and when he turned to look properly, he found himself pleased.

Leyla’s hand was slowly reaching out to take hold of his canary. How wonderful.

Unfortunately, upon realizing a foreign hand was reaching out to touch it, the canary started chirping before it flapped its wings once more, gliding away from the two people.

Leyla’s breath hitched, and she felt her cheeks flushed in embarrassment.

“Oh no!” She softly exclaimed in dismah, “Did I frighten it?” She turned to Matthias worriedly, the fear and disappointment reflecting in her glistening emerald orbs.

Matthias only chuckled in amusement at her despondent expression.

Wanting to quickly make amends with the small bird, Leyla quickly trotted towards where the canary currently was, whilst Matthias stood back and watched their impromptu game of chase.

Whenever Leyla would near it, it would flutter away out of reach, and Leyla would attempt once more.

Again, and again, and again, this kept repeating.

Matthias loved to think his little canary was teasing his mistress in his place. This truly was a momentous spectacle.

Eventually, the chase had come to an end when the canary fluttered into its golden cage. Leyla, who’d been chasing after it all this time, huffed out tiredly, walking slowly before finally stopping a few paces away from the bird.

It was clear she wasn’t a welcome stranger by now.

Leyla looked to Matthias, curiosity clear on her face as she looked back and forth to him and the canary.

“It’s certainly not the kind of bird that would allow just about anyone to be near it.” She lightly remarked, and waited for Matthias to fall in step beside her. “How did you manage to tame the small thing?” She wondered in genuine curiosity, and Matthias gave her a serene smile.


“I merely cut off her wings from time to time.” He answered her plainly, and Leyla felt as though an ice cold bucket had been poured over her head.

‘Of course he did,’ Leyla thought dryly in mild disappointment.

She watched him as he locked the door of the beautiful and elaborate cage. All the while, she kept her mouth shut, and the sneer, threatening to take over her lips, was well hidden.

She watched as the bird perched beautifully in the cage, grooming its trimmed wings. Looking closely, she could spot the freshly trimmed feathers. It chirps once, and then twice, before settling into it’s plush nest, curling contentedly in on itself as it got ready to slumber.

The Duke’s eyes looking down at the canary were soft and sweet as if he were treating a lover.

She knew it well, for he’d look at her with those very same eyes.

On the moments she’d catch him looking at her like that, she’d feel utterly confuddled by the strange feeling stirring within her chest. It was almost like a deep wound, festering deep inside her, unable to heal completely.

Which brought her thoughts back to the Duke’s answer to her question.

So even with a bird, he’d do the same cruel things. He’d cut it off from its freedom, then present it with lavish gifts, until finally…

He’d get what he wanted, and his victim would be none the wiser.

The longer she’d stay on this line of thought, the harder it would be for her to keep up the pretense of being in love with him. She needed to distract herself from these morbid thoughts, and without further adieu, Leyla approached the window nearest to them.

She stared out into the vast garden, observing the way the dark was slowly receding as the break of dawn started appearing beyond the treelines.

‘Such big place, all owned by you,’ Leyla thought, once more a familiar pang stinging in her chest, ‘With such things being handed to you on a silver platter, was it that easy for you to think of everything else in this world below you?’

Though the gardens in Arvis were by name and money, the Herhardts, these gardens were the fruit of her Uncle’s honest labor. And yet…

Everything seems to have changed now. It was all known, yet unfamiliar at the same time.

And it could all be attributed to the man who ruined her and Kyle’s marriage was not the Duke.

Even Leyla had known long before that their marriage was wrong from the beginning. It didn’t matter if the Duke never meddled in on their engagement, it changed nothing about that fact.

Nevertheless, Leyla could not find it in herself to absolve him of his perceived faults.

From the very beginning, he had been dismissive of every boundary she’d set, as though she was a random object so easily obtained! Not once did she see him even feel guilty about the things he’d done and put her through. Nor did he make an effort to even make her understand his obsession with her.

He just came, and decided he wanted her, and took, and took, and took some more. In the end, he made her feel like everything else but him was insignificant. That his wants and needs were more important than anyone else’s.

And she was left scrambling at the edge of sanity, grappling for help she could never ask of anyone.

Leyla took a deep, shaky breath, trying to hold back her tears.

Such was the plight of orphans like her, she supposed.

But despite what was perceived as an unfortunate, or a bad life, she loved the life she’d led so far, never mind how the rest of the world saw it. It was in this life she knew what it is to strive for a life well-lived.

And she worked hard and honestly to get the peaceful and honorable life she longed dreamed for her and her uncle, no matter how difficult the situation was, or how high a hurdle she needed to overcome.

She didn’t need much, she just wanted to be that adult who could support day to day lives with their own grit and merit. And someday soon, if fate permits it, to meet that person she would fall in love with, and create a happy, healthy family.

She just wanted a mundane life, a little better than she had now. Where her worries would just be what curtains to change the drapes with as seasons passed, or how much food she should prepare!

And then, as years go by, she’d place a carefully marked meter on the doorpost, charting the growth her children had gone through over the years. And when she’s old and gray, she’d trace those marks with her fingers, and her eyes will crinkle in happiness at the memories it left her with.

But those were her heartfelt dreams in a long past, back when Leyla was still the same naive girl growing up by the gardens. And now, she was growing once more, and no matter how much she hated how she had to, it couldn’t stop, not even for a second.

Some days she would stumble, but then she’d just get right back up and laugh at her mistakes when she’d look back. Because she knew, someday, everything would make sense, and all would be right again.

And that’s what gave her hope in the end. That “someday” would come. How was she to know that her someday would disappear, by a single man’s fleeting desire?

“Leyla.”

Suddenly, Matthias approached from behind her, and whispered her name.


Leyla stared at him through her reflection, giving him a tight lipped smile. Matthias met her eyes as well.

The only thing left for her was to embody being the Duke’s mistress now, and that’s the woman she must continue to play. It was this shell of her old self that could freely smile for the man who ruined her dreams, the man who she hated most.

Claudine was right in the end after all.

What was the point of desperately fighting back against the Duke? For a meager sense of her dignity?

It was only then she was roughly reminded that her state of body, and her actions did not dictate what her dignity truly was. Only she could decide her worth, and no one else.

And so she must play the part of the perfect mistress. In the end, the only way to free herself was to be the perfect woman, the one who could steal another’s man.

She couldn’t hold in the bitter laughter that managed to escape from her lips with a shaky breath. At that moment, she watched the Duke dip his head towards the nape of her neck in the reflection, and flinched for a second when she felt the ghost of his lips.

It was so instinctive, she barely felt it before his strong arms wound around her slender waist, pulling her back flush to his chest. He nosed along the back of her head, their hips pulled close together, she could feel his lust for her.

This was a normal thing to just about any lover, and yet Leyla could only feel a sense of despair over this intimate moment between them. Her eyes fluttered closed, her neck tilting to give him more of an access to her sensitive neck as he planted small, wet kisses up behind her ears.

What was the point of gaining revenge over him? It wouldn’t change anything. What’s done, has been done. All she really wanted was to get away from here, and from him. To live far away from his reach and any semblance of his influence.

Even tonight, she just wanted to be as far as possible from him.

“Leyla.”

Matthias whispered her name, warm breath hitting the back of her ear as he nibbled on it, Leyla couldn’t help the erotic moan from slipping out her lips. His hands began wandering all over her torso, and down her growing moistness.

How long had they stayed like this? So out in the open in the main mansion? So free for any passing servant, unfortunate to wake up this early, and witness their illicit affair?

But how could she not feel her mind fog up in the pleasure? She’d fought against him so long, that his gentle touches ever since she pretended to give in to him turned to ecstasy? So gentle, and warm, and all-encompassing her in pleasurable sensations?


‘Stop it!’ She yelled in her mind, fighting hard against that womanly urge in her to submit just once to the pleasure, ‘Don’t let temporary pleasure cloud your judgment! Stay strong!’

With that thought, she finally snapped out of her lust-filled haze, and finally opened her eyes to look at Matthias with renewed determination. The first sight that greeted her, was Matthias’ warm smile hovering above her…

And that was when she realized it. She was now nestled comfortably in the middle of the bed, her thin covers now gone, and she laid bare in front of the Duke! Her cheeks flushed red as she shivered in the gentle gust of the nightly chill.

Matthias chuckled at her expression.

“Why are you laughing?” She whispered in embarrassment, crossing her arms over her chest, but Matthias left her unanswered, instead, he dipped his head once more, giving a firm bite to one of her flushed cheeks.

Leyla squeaked in surprise, trying to push his face away, but he only swiftly immobilized her with one hand, bringing them up over her head and proceeded to bite at the other cheek.

Leyla squirmed away from his current ministrations, confused and a bit irritated.

But her defiance only served to entice him more. He really wanted so badly to dominate her, he wanted to give her more pain…

But there was also the underlying urge to romance her, and treat her gently. Ah, what was he to do with her?

“Ack! Stop, eek! Stop it!” Leyla hissed at him, managing to free one of her wrists and pushed him back by the shoulders. Matthias could have easily ignored her pleas, but eventually he relented and finally pulled back.

Still, it was amusing to see her look of confusion. It gave him a sense of familiarity that she wasn’t that much changed.

In fact, she looked more exquisite like this. All drenched in a thin sheen of sweat, her breasts panting up and down as her flush traveled down to her perky chest. It was fun, teasing her like this every now and then, he couldn’t help but laugh at her.

Leyla’s thoughts turned pensive, watching him dryly as she half-anticipated him to resume biting her shortly. And yet even though she knew he could overpower her so easily, he remained still as she kept him at bay.

“What are you doing?” She asked him, and Matthias only sighed as he laid on his back right beside her, a pleased smile on his face. He then turned towards her, and gathered her in his arms and pulled her flush against him once more.

Having constant contact with her, skin on skin, was very relaxing for him.

Leyla was sprawled across his chest, and she angled her head in a way she could see him. The look of confusion remained on her face.

Matthias lay on his back on the bed, hugging her. Leyla, sitting on top of the man, looked down at him as if she didn’t understand.

“Is that really what you want to ask?” He asked her, a teasing glint in his eyes, and Leyla frowned.

“Y-you were the one who pushed me into the bed.” She weakly pointed out, and his grin grew wider at her embarrassment. Looking at him like this, all boyish and normal, did not seem as intimidating as before.

“Are you even strong enough right now?” She asked him after a few moments, and he only shrugged.

Leyla tried to move away from him, but his arms tightened around her, and she huffed out irritably.

“You’re not going to allow me to move, are you?” She asked him dryly, and he only grinned in reply.

“Maybe.” He said, and let out another laugh. Leyla pouted.

“Perhaps you should stop laughing at me and I wouldn’t be so opposed to being so near you.” Immediately she shoved his arm rather roughly and tried to keep it there.

Matthias’ laughter died down, but the smile remained on his face as Leyla turned to look back at him.

She sat up and tilted her head, observing him.

“Aren’t you frightened, my Duke?” Leyla whispered sultrily towards him, and Matthias watched her with rapt attention as she gingerly held out a hand, and began to caress his face in a lovingly manner. “Aren’t you scared of what I could do to you?”

Matthias let himself follow her movements freely. He felt her slender fingers grip his chin, and gently forced him to keep eye contact with her. As if she even had to do that.

She’s always had his undying attention after all.

Matthias closed his eyes to lean into her touch, before he opened them up once more and gave her a languid smile.

“Do whatever you want.” He answered back in a husky voice, sending a thrill of excitement through Leyla’s body.

Immediately, she gently brought her other hand to brace herself over his shoulder, before she swung over him, effectively straddling him by the waist.

At this position, he could feel her heat directly over his stiffening desire.


Her hands wandered over to cup his face, and Matthias kept eye contact with her. In Leyla’s eyes was a fiery passion so free, as though she was laying everything bare for him to see.

“Do it as much as you like,” He finished in a breathy whisper, loving the way things were progressing.

Leyla looked at his beautiful face, forgetting neither earlier’s hesitation nor the cold anger rising from the depths of her heart. In her thoughts, she unconsciously let go of his face, and began to gently pat his cheeks in small taps.

“Do you like what you see?” Matthias whispered to her with a knowing smirk. There was no hint of shame at all coming from him.

“Yes.” she whispered back.

Leyla decided to be as calm as he was. Though perhaps, he wasn’t expecting such a response from her, because his brows furrowed moments later.

She needed to rectify this.

“I like it a lot more than your personality.” She added offhandedly. Now that was the truth. She would admit he did have a handsome face, and a glorious body to go with. But that was the only good thing about him.

Matthias eyed her carefully for a while, before he began to laugh out loud. The echoes of his laughter reverberated around the room, even as Leyla felt his torso shaking beneath her palms as he chuckled into the silence.

“Are you okay, Leyla?” He finally asked, a hand reaching out to cup her cheeks in response. Upon his touch, she felt a rush of heat pool deep within her. “I feel as though you’re making me go crazy.” He told her softly, and Leyla shook her head, and caressed his hand with hers.

“No.” She murmured, “I won’t let you go crazy.” She falsely promised as she gave him an endearing smile.

Leyla’s eyes passed over their surroundings. Her eyes trailed over the high ceilings and splendid walls, towards the antique furniture and artwork, before stopping once more on his face.

She was once again how powerful of a man he was. His status as her master, and yet…

He was willingly submitting to her right here. Allowing himself to be lower than her.

Perhaps it was brought on by the fact that she was no longer afraid of him. However at this moment, the Duke was just like any other man. Helpless in front of a woman’s wiles.

She couldn’t help the triumphant smirk slipping through the corner of her lips.


“You’re the one who should be worried about what I’m going to do with you today, my Duke.” She whispered above him with a smirk, while Matthias gently rutted his hips upwards, invoking an erotic gasp to escape from her.

Calloused palms gripped the thighs straddling him.

“Are you confident that you’ll be able to have great pleasure today?” He challenged, “So great in fact, that I have to worry about it?”

“We’ll see,” She hummed, gently rocking her hips up and down the length of his hardness. “We’ll have to decide on the verdict once I’m through with you.”

There was only a bright smile on her face, mirroring the excitement deep within her heart at this very moment. Her eyes remained fixed on Matthias, she didn’t want to miss a single moment of this time. She wanted it ingrained in her mind that she’ll remember this moment clearly for the years to come.

‘Soon, I will give you a lot of hurt and pain.’’ She grinned confidently above him.

As if brought on by her thoughts, Leyla’s hands traveled towards his neck, leaving a gentle pressure on her sides, as she licked her lips, releasing a relaxed sigh. She dipped her head down, and dove right into his mouth.

Their tongues fought for dominance, but Leyla was eager to ride in this current high, and make him submit to her for a change.

She felt his breath turn ragged, and soon, soon he will be turned into putty once she’s through with him.

There was an underlying fear in the back of her mind, but it was oh so satisfying seeing this powerful man brought down in front of her, a lowly peasant in their eyes, simply because of his greedy obsession with her.

And then she pulled away, Matthias rising up to chase after her lips, but she applied more pressure into his neck, looking at him firmly like she would with one of her rowdy students.

“Wait.” She voiced to him, pulling back. She watched as his Adam’s apple bobbed up and down as he swallowed down his excitement. His calloused hands, which had been fisted on the sheets beside them, soon came up to grip on her waist.

“Ah-uh-ah!” She tutted, clicking her tongue in dissatisfaction, “You promised to let me do what I wanted.” She reminded him, rocking her moist folds over his hardened length a couple of times.

Matthias bit back a groan, his hips jutting up in response, when Leyla raised her hips just a little bit out of reach.

She then took both his arms, and pressed it down the sides of his head. She allowed her breast to dangle enticingly above him despite the growing embarrassment at her immoral actions, but she pushed it down, eager to see this through.


Bit by bit, his eyes trailed over her naked body, feeling himself strain beneath her as the hungry beast within him coiled with every mark he’d left her with earlier.

And then he turned limp beneath her, a wordless admittance of defeat.

It took every ounce of will in him to not just ignore her and take her for himself once more, but he was a man of his word. Plus, he couldn’t ever deny her anything when it came to her genuine enjoyment.

Satisfied with his cooperation, Leyla brought her hips back down and slowly released his hands as she sat right above his groin with a triumphant smile.

Right now, she looked every bit like a queen sitting on her rightful throne, demanding him to give her his life.


Chapter 105.




Last Waltz.







A sordid smile emerged from Matthias’ lips as looked up at his bold mistress. He laid beneath her in dormancy, as if handing over the reigns completely under her command.

On the other hand, Leyla’s heart was beating wildly in her chest in a mix of anxiety and excitement at the prospect of her leading tonight’s activities. She eyed him in a contemplative manner, before eventually lowering her torso closer to his…

Matthias would have groaned out in relief the moment her bare chest draped across his, but he found himself pleasantly surprised when Leyla’s tongue delved deep into his mouth not a second later, swallowing whatever sound he would have made.

Their lips danced against each other, their tongues entangling with each other as they devoured each other mutually. Matthias wanted to watch her more, but the feel of her lips against his was too overwhelming, his eyes fluttered shut eventually.

With his sight gone from the equation, the other sensations heightened, making him feel the warmth emanating from Leyla above him. At this distance, he could smell the sweet scent he’d come to associate with her…

His fists clenched tighter around the sheets in an effort to reign in his building urges that the veins along his arms were becoming more defined. He eagerly took and savored her fiery kisses, swallowing down the saliva dripping from both their mouths.

‘There must be something,’ Matthias belatedly thought as Leyla pulled away with a wet pop, a thin line of saliva connecting their lips. She eyed him with half-lidded eyes, before her nimble fingers grabbed onto the collar of his shirt…

And she deftly began unbuttoning it one by one.

Her hips rocked temptingly above his clothed erection, making him groan in response as he threw his head back at the sweet friction. Her dainty hands began roaming his bare chest, chilly fingers brushing over his pebbled nipples, before he felt her shift her hips down to his thighs…


Leyla felt her hands freeze in their ministrations as she eyed the buckles of the Duke’s pants. The prospect of having to undress the Duke by her own volition was so much like choosing to jump over a cliff…

But she had to. She wanted to seduce him, and trap him in a lie full of sweetness and lust.

‘Something is happening here,’ Matthias’ thoughts continued as he watched her hesitate, ‘This sudden change in tune, it can’t have happened overnight.’

Despite his willingness to indulge in such actions and sweet words, Matthias’ mind remained alert, and was well aware something was amiss behind the recent smiles and amiability he was being shown by the object of his desires.

But in his mind, he could only assume she was gearing up to ask something from him. And despite his preference of gaining this sweet treatment from her, he wasn’t entirely fooled by her sudden easy smiles and acts of intimacy.

‘It doesn’t matter in the end why she’s being very cooperative lately,’ Matthias thought. He’d just give what she wanted with no question, so long as she kept staying by his side. She needed only to ask it of him, and he’ll give her anything, and everything she dreamed of.

Leyla still had to completely remove Matthias’ shirt from his arms, She grabbed the edges of his polo shirt, and got ready to pry them off of him. In the process of preparing herself, she vaguely noticed her breathing quickening, as well as the rush of blood warming up her face, all the way down to the top of her breasts as her hands shook.

Yet despite the growing nervousness, there was fiery determination in her eyes.

Taking slight pity at her sudden shyness, Matthias released one of his hands from laying limply at his sides, and reached up to tuck a stray strand behind her ear. At his movement, Leyla’s eyes widened in surprise, finally shaking out of her nervous wreck and suddenly moved back up his thighs, sitting firmly on his crotch.

At the sudden return of her heat on top of his erection, Matthias let out a curse in frustration as he tried not to thrust up into her. Leyla felt her face flush even more at the sudden break in character for the Duke.

Matthias met her eyes, not even phased by the obscene word that escaped his lips.

He could see she was still a little nervous. He let out a resigned smile, and dropped his hand back to his side, relenting the controls back to her as he returned to restraining himself.

Once he’d deferred to her control once more, Leyla felt a rush of momentary relief. She chanced a look around her, contemplating, almost like she was regretting ever taking the lead.


All around them, all she could see was the blatant representation of the richness and power of the man beneath her. Aside from the spacious and luxurious bedroom, her eyes darted back to the canary sleeping soundly in a beautiful cage.

Her eyes glanced back down at the man lying under her.

And just like that, her previous bravado left her, and now she was left with an overwhelming suffocation in the situation she currently found herself in.

How embarrassing this was. And to think she actually had the gall to be proud of taking control for once! That was only possible because Matthias allowed it to be. If he wanted to, he would have taken absolute control by now.

Even when he let her lead, she really wasn’t the one truly in charge in the end. It had always been Matthias.

And Leyla couldn’t help the pang of shame and disappointment in herself for having forgotten that.

“Keep going, my Queen.” Matthias urged her, gesturing for her to continue and lead them to pleasure.

Despite how crooked his smile looked, it was equally fascinating as repulsive as it was to her.

‘What are you doing, Leyla?’ She asked herself as she tried to keep down the burning humiliation in her actions.

How blinded had she currently been that she didn’t realize that even now, Matthias was still teasing her to his own amusement?!

There was a familiar pin pricking sensation in her eyes, making her lower them in an attempt to hide them from the Duke.

The sight of his naked chest harshly reminded her of how she was currently straddling him, and in her embarrassment, she hastily looked back up to avert her eyes from it and saw his face instead, intensely looking at her.

With her earlier confidence having left her completely, she twisted her body hastily, but Matthias’ finally moved and quickly grabbed her by the waist, keeping her firmly in place. She gasped upon his touch, and braced herself, palms landing on his shoulder as she kept him at arm’s length.

“I-I’ll stop here.” She stuttered in all seriousness, unable to keep going.

Everything about this was horrifying! She had been so confident in her abilities, that everything would go as planned, and yet she fell right into his trap with the trap she laid out for him!

There was no other way now. She needed to make haste and escape from him immediately before she got caught deeper into his schemes!


Leyla was roughly shaken out of her morbid thoughts, a squeal escaping her as the sudden rush of air out of her!

She moaned as something prodded at her breasts, and she threw her head back at the quickening heat welling up in her. She let out a breathy gasp, before she glanced down, and saw Matthias now sitting up, and swallowing her left breast with much gusto, suckling on her perky nubs like an infant would.

She squirmed in his hold, her mind half-filled with the growing arousal in her, the other half battling for rational thought to win over baser desires. But it seemed the time to let her do as she wished had come for an end, for the Duke’s hold tightened around her, their hips grinding against each other insistently despite his clothed state.

Matthias’ hand trailed up the nape of her neck, grabbing a fistful of her golden locks and pulled back, making her moan in the added sensation of pain and pleasure mixing perfectly.

Matthias quickly switched breasts, repeating the same treatment over her neglected nub until all strength left her, leaving her all ragged and wanton in the aftermath of his touch.

She knew by now her chest was littered with multiple bites and hickeys he’d left on her purposefully.

She sagged against his chest, unable to support herself up.

“Please, that’s enough…” she breathed out, but Matthias only gathered her limp form in his arms, and maneuvered her in a position that well suited him tonight.

She noticed a shadow had come over her, and when she looked up, she saw the Duke hovering above her, eyes devouring the sight of her marked body in a greedy manner.

She was back beneath him. She was trapped once again.

“Didn’t you say once that promises should be kept?” Matthias asked her as his legs pried hers apart, creating space for him to get into, “You made a promise to me earlier,” His voice dropped to a low baritone, a hint of a growl in the back of his throat and Leyla stifled back a moan as she shivered.

“I intend to make you keep that promise to me, my dearest mistress.” He whispered to her ear, and Leyla began to squirm beneath him once more as she heard the sounds of his pants being unbuckled.

“My dearest queen.” He added, before his calloused palms gripped her inner thighs, prying them further apart to accommodate him.

Leyla met his eyes in a daze, half in exhaustion and the other half in equal lust. She could feel the arousal welling back up inside her, her inner walls turning moist at the blunt head rubbing up against her entrance.

He must have seen the acceptance in her eyes, for he gave her a satisfied grin before filling her up completely once again in one swift thrust.


Image














Ratz’s spring party became more exciting as the night went by. Having been tired of dancing along the music, drinking champagne, and chatting with the other ladies, Claudine quietly slipped into the lounge, away from the others. As soon as she entered, the faint scent of flowers wafted through her nose, blowing from the open window.

With spring approaching early, the flowers have already begun to bloom. Upon the thought that summer would soon come in the blink of an eye, relief and disillusionment flooded within her, eagerly awaiting for the season to arrive.

“It would be a shame if the queen of this party left so early.” A familiar voice piped up behind her, jolting Claudine back into reality as she whirled around to see her new companion.

It was Riette.

Though things between them had turned tense, she didn’t bother trying to avoid him. Though it left her with an empty feeling at this metaphorical distance that had come between them.

“I just needed a short break, that’s all.” Claudine informed him politely. And Riette let out a low chuckle.

“Ah, it’s never too early to be Duchess Herhardt, I suppose.” He remarked lightly, but a hint of bitterness was in its undertones. Claudine’s brows crinkled at his words, and Riette’s eyes softened momentarily before a nasty smirk made its way to his lips.

“Am I not wrong?” He asked her, tilting his head, “Why such a sour expression?”

“Riette….”

“After all you worked your whole life for this position,” Riette continued, interrupting her, “It’s just around the corner after all, and then you’d become Duchess Herhardt for real.” He stated it in a mocking manner, and Claudine’s hands fisted at her sides.

“If those words help your bruised ego, then I will gladly understand.” She huffed back before schooling her features once more, and looked away from him.


Riette could only smile despondently to himself, cradling the half-filled wine glass in his hand as he regarded her. Despite her cool tones, he could see by the way she was standing up, that this thing between them was uncomfortable to her.

‘Is my ego bruised?’ he thought to himself, eyeing the flowing wine on the sides of his glass, ‘Am I hurt?’

Of course he was. He laid his heart out sincerely, only for Claudine to repeatedly refuse it. He knew that it had the least probability of succeeding but deep down, he couldn’t help but hope.

A hope that if he had approached her sincerely, perhaps Claudine’s answer might change.

‘So do I hate her for it?’

What a ridiculous notion it was, when he’d ask himself such a question, he couldn’t help but laugh despairingly at the most honest answer he could find in himself.

‘How I wished I could hate her…’

It had always been the same. Ever since he’d first laid eyes on her, and realized she was to be betrothed to the Duke of Herhardt, he’d fervently prayed for a different outcome.

And yet, no matter what he did to change it…

Nothing’s changed.

Even as he’d been wholeheartedly honest, and stood by her side, Claudine was resolute in her ways. He knew she was selfish in some ways, and more arrogant than the other ladies, yet he could never hate her.

He could only pity the situation she’d been molded in.

“What an honor it is, that the Duchess, the queen of current society, to be worried about me at all.” Riette chuckled smoothly, before kneeling in front of the ottoman chair where Claudine had been sitting. “I’m afraid though, mere concerns are not enough to soothe me this time, my dearest Duchess, when it’s you who’ve wounded me so.” He told her softly, and Claudine looked back at him in alarm.

“Be more careful about your words, Marquis Lindman,” She told him firmly, eyes discretely darting around them, “You must keep your dignity.”

“Why, my dignity was never in question, my Duchess,” He replied smoothly, reaching out for one of her hands, before bringing it close to his lips, “All I ask of you right now, is just one dance,” He then looked up to her with half-lidded eyes…

“Will you allow me this pleasure at least?” He asked her with a sad smile, and Claudine found herself unable to deny him, even though she didn’t want to.


Claudine’s first dance partner, when she debuted in the social world, was none other than Matthias, himself. Everyone knew it was as it should be, and so did Claudine. However, whenever she’d recall her dances that night…

The most memorable thing was her last waltz. When she had danced with Riette.

His movements weren’t as perfect as Matthias’s, but it was in his arms, she felt like she was being cared for. Although not as elegant and courteous as Mathias had greeted her, it was his playful smile, spilling heartfelt congratulations to her debut in the society that eased her worries that night.

It was the warmth that Riette shared that comforted her strangely aching heart, that scared her the most in spending this added time with him. Even though she was treated like a princess by Duke Herhardt, society’s most envied groom, and currently the most desirable bachelor..

And yet at the end of the day, Claudine couldn’t help but take Riette’s hand, accepting his invitation to a dance. As he had implied, just because they danced together once, won’t mean a line between them had been crossed.

As if to prove him right, no one batted an eye even as they watched the two of them glide across the ballroom.

It was another ordinary night of festivities.

And yet, in Riette’s arms tonight, she felt a cold chill in the pit of her stomach. He danced with her in his arms, yes, but there was a distinct lack of the warmth he used to hold her in.

He was dancing very politely, as though there was a physical wall between them. Like a gentleman who had asked a lady stranger’s hand for a dance.

Soon their song had come to an end, as the music faded in the background and people stopped dancing around them. Riette gave her a sad smile, before he moved to take hold of her hand…

Except, he retracted.

Instead, he dropped into a respectful bow in front of her.

“It was a great honor, to have danced with you Lady-no,” Riette shook his head and gave her a longing gaze, before smiling brightly, “Duchess Herhardt.”

They held each other’s gazes for a second longer, yet Claudine could see this time, it was Riette who was drawing a line, for both their sakes.

Just as she wished him to.




In the end, Claudine was relieved. This was a good thing, she thought relentlessly as she returned to the Brandt house that had been based in Ratz. She kept telling herself this was for the best, ever since the festivities came to an end, up until she was back in the privacy of her own bedroom.

Still she kept tossing and turning when she’d gone to bed. Unable to sleep, she got up and turned on the night lamp beside her bed, giving a soft warm glow around her direct vicinity. If anyone was to see her though, she would still look unusually pale.

Was this goodbye then? Was Riette’s unrequited love coming to a close, finally?

If so, why was his last smile still stuck in her head?

Even though he’d yet to be engaged, it was unlikely that he’d be behind everyone else. She wagered that he’d find a suitable bride within this year. As such, he will soon end up married, ultimately fulfilling his duty.

Indeed this was a fitting goodbye, Claudine knew that to be true and yet…

And yet…

Claudine’s eyes screwed shut as she clutched her bed covers in frustration. She bit her lower lip to prevent the threatening frustration screaming out her lips, before her eyes snapped open, and she threw the covers off of her!

Getting up from her bed, she put on a robe and strode with purpose towards the door. But just as she was about to grab hold of the knob, her hands froze, hovering unsurely at the door in front of her.

There was a sinking feeling of anger and frustration deep inside her at the thought she was losing Riette forever…

Why should she be the only one who kept losing in this engagement?!

Claudine’s goals remained unchanged. She was still determined to be a duchess, but she had no desire to endure an unfair loss between them. If this marriage was to be a business deal between the two great families, then she should be gaining an equal share.

And so should Matthias!

Forcing herself to calm down, Claudine strode back towards her bedroom, and lit the lamp by her desk table. She then sat down, before grabbing a piece of paper, a quill on the other. As she breathed in and out deeply in slow rhythmic patterns, the cold glint in her eyes soon turned into a frozen tundra.

If she, Claudine von Brandt, was to lose her love for a perfect marriage, then so should Matthias.

Why should Matthias keep getting what he wanted? A perfect marriage, and now the mistress he always wanted?

‘I won’t let it happen,’ she thought hatefully as she clutched her fists, her nails digging into her palms.

“It shouldn’t matter how great a Duchess’ position is – nothing is worth it if you’ll end up destroying yourself, Claudine.”

Riette’s voice of reason echoed deep in the recesses of her mind, making her hesitate in what she was about to do.

He wouldn’t want her to do this. This wasn’t like her, and yet…

And yet…

Riette’s look of resignation at that last second they held gazes before he turned away from her earlier in the night flashed through her mind…

Riette was no longer by her side.

Her grip on the pen tightened, before Claudine eventually took the quill pen, and dipped it in ink. She wiped the excess off the edge of the bottle, before the tip of the pen touched the paper’s surface.

And she scribbled away, putting her thoughts into actions.

She did not doubt Leyla’s promise that she would leave Matthias. It wasn’t in her nature to sully her morals, not when she’d been so humiliated! Not after everything Claudine revealed to her at that moment.

If she were just that kind of woman, maybe she wouldn’t hate Leyla Lewellin like this.

But Claudine was getting impatient. She didn’t want to wait for that perfect moment, and leave everything to Leyla’s timing!

Why on earth should she do that?

She might be unable to kill Leyla, but she knew exactly how to make sure Leyla would want to disappear and die as far away from them as possible…

And ultimately make Matthias lose the one thing that was very dear to him.

Claudine’s words flowed effortlessly as she scribbled away in a mad rage, the words blurring in front of her. She folded the letter carefully in a pristine envelope, and sealed it, scribbling the name of its recipient…

One foolish, old gardener.


Chapter 106.




But You’re Mine.







Whenever Leyla fluttered her glistening eyes open, there were always two blue orbs looking back down at her. And then this gentle push and pull between them would resume, his eyes never leaving her.

Despite the icy colors mirrored in his eyes, Leyla couldn’t help but feel engulfed in their warmth.

She raised her palms to cover her face, hiding it away from his penetrating gaze while simultaneously pushing him out even though she knew it would be useless. Still, despite the cover and the distance she placed between them, it was almost as though he could see straight into her heart.

A moan erupted through her lips, unable to keep down the bubbling pleasure building up inside her as Matthias kept going with his erotic ministrations.

“Leyla,” he whispered out her name like a sigh, paving the way for that heat inside her to replenish as his rough, calloused hands fondled her breasts, pinching and twisting her sensitive nub in one hand while the other rubbed against her stimulated button in the nether regions.

Through lust-filled eyes, Leyla tried to keep eye contact with the man buried deep inside her as he rutted against her thighs.

He was so beautiful like this. His dark locks matted against his temples, with that pinkish flush on his face as their ragged breaths intermingled between them. He kept steady eye contact with her, his expression barely changing with her attention, but she could see that miniscule quirk up his lips once he’d registered he had her undivided attention.

Leyla began to curl in on herself at that moment because she couldn’t stand the strange feeling coming over her. Matthias frowned at her pulling away from him but soon gave a soft smile in her direction and chuckled lowly, giving that heated sensation in her an extra boost.

Matthias slowed down his movement a little, dipped his head down, and kissed Leyla firmly on the lips.

Only upon the feel of his lips ravishing hers did Leyla realize she was terribly disorganized.

In the background, she was still painfully aware of the creaking and rutting sounds the bed was made in response to their movements.


When the Duke pulled away and moved to kiss her again, she firmly blocked his advances with her palm, covering her mouth fully. She might not be able to physically part from him right now, but she needed some distance between them.

And for now, physical barriers will have to do, which also made her firmly close her legs in an attempt to regain composure.

But Matthias’s hands clamped back down on her thighs, forcibly keeping them apart as he settled in nicely between her legs. Leyla felt her heart lurch to her throat as he hiked her legs up to his shoulders, trailing kisses on her inner thighs.

She had no desire to do this now! She needed to be away from him right now! She couldn’t think clearly with him so nearby… so intimate with her, and yet Matthias buried himself deep inside her heat in one swift thrust.

“Don’t look! No!” she whined pathetically as the Duke’s lustful gaze watched their bodies turn into one and chuckled when she scrambled to sit up and cover his eyes. He grabbed her wrists and held them in front of him, kissing the inside of her wrists before hooking them up around his neck.

Leyla was now hanging off of his body, her entire body shuddering as he pistoned in and out deeply of her. She felt her eyes begin to sting with the brimming of her tears, so she bit down hard on her lips to stifle the moans and sobs threatening to spill out.

She knew from the moment she resigned to the title of his mistress that she’d be forced to satisfy all his physical desires, but she couldn’t help the rising torrent of shame and guilt in her actions. It was addicting as it was disgusting.

Calloused hands supported her, Matthias grabbing a fistful of her buttocks as she bounced on top of him. She fell closer into his chest, allowing him to claim her lips into his as well, plunging his tongue into her mouth.

When he pulled away, Leyla’s words were weak in protest and more indecipherable as it mixed with her pleasured sounds, the creaking of the bed, and flesh slapping against each other with a wet squelch.

“Pretty.”

Matthias whispered against her lips before pulling her into another desperate kiss as her walls clamped down around him.

“I’m shameful,” She gasped out, a moan slipping out as he hit deep into her. Her torso convulsed when he scraped against her inner walls, giving her sweet friction and filling her up to the brim. His hands kneaded her butt sensually, their chests rubbing up against each other as he suckled into her collarbone.

“It’s dirty,” Leyla’s lips wobbled as she felt herself clench up around him as he thrust deep into her.


“You’re insanely pretty, you.” He kept muttering against her breast before swallowing one of her nipples and suckled into them like a newborn infant.

Leyla was at a loss for words and opted to look at him instead.

This was the man who trampled on her life without any remorse because of his desire to have her. This was the man who used cowardly tricks by blackmailing her into agreeing and proceeded to violate her with great satisfaction.

A despicable man to the core, and yet…

There was a shameful urge to sink into his arms deep inside her gut, sickening her to the core of how wrong this feeling was…

Especially for a man who ruined her life.

She thought back to the humiliation and guilt she felt when she had been confronted by Claudine about her affair. She thought back to the hurt in Kyle’s eyes when he saw them in the cabin and the crushed look of his when she insisted she was in love with the Duke…

She imagined the great pain and disappointment Uncle Bill would endure once he learned of her discretions. She could only imagine the stress she would put upon him once he realizes it was for his safety that she was giving herself up to the duke…

The man who started all this tragedy in her life.

She knew that fact well, but still, her mind was having trouble connecting the face in front of her to the man she knew lay behind these beautiful blue pools.

These cool blue eyes that stared into her soul always seemed sincere. Those lips who would engulf hers in a fit of passion and whisper sweet nothings in the shell of her ears…

His genuine laughter, his warm and tender touch…

All these were true as well.

But Leyla didn’t want to think more about it and thus surrendered herself up to the pleasure he was actively giving her. Her breath choked up in her throat with every gasp and moan he coaxed out of her, so lost in the physical pleasure as her sanity drifted in and out of her.

She felt suffocated in his arms, but she didn’t want to part from it at the same time. Whenever her thoughts turned morbid, his sweet words would always pull her back…

His compliments on how beautiful she was, body slick with sweat and orgasm. On and on, he kept repeating it, making her feel more ashamed of how shamelessly she drank it all up.


He spilled nothing else but her name and her beauty, planting sweet kisses on the entire expanse of her naked skin, searing deep into her soul just how satisfied he was, filling her up until her body grew taut and maximum tension coiled in her gut…

And then she saw stars as she climaxed. Her juices spilled between them while he gave her a few more thrusts before pulling out of her sensitive walls and spilling white, hot seed across her belly.

Both eventually came down from their high, with Matthias pulling her back flush on his torso and petted her hair. Their ragged breathing soon turned soft once they calmed down. A smile bloomed on Matthias’ lips as he continued listening to the sound of their rhythmic breathing, allowing a subdued satisfaction to lull him to sleep.

He then maneuvered Leyla to turn slightly towards him, her eyes fluttering open as she felt him leaving butterfly kisses on her flushed cheeks. Despite the haziness that initially occurred in her eyes’ focus, they eventually locked back onto him.

She blinked back a few times until her vision cleared, and the shameful feeling in her reared its ugly head once more as she shuddered and tried to turn away, but Matthias’ hands went up to cup her chin and held it in place.

“Leyla.”

He whispered her name as if hypnotized by it.

“Leyla.”

He called out again, loving how her name rolled off his tongue so easily.

He kept repeating it like a mantra, with no particular thought or reason why he kept calling her name, but Leyla remained quiet as she continued to listen to the way he called out for her.

Leyla.

Leyla Lewellin.

My Leyla.

There was a bubbling feeling, like a laugh, welling deep inside him the more he thought about her. His arms instinctively tightened up around her waist, pulling her impossibly closer to him as if he wanted to meld their bodies into one.

He could see the startled expression on her face, which surged bouts of annoyance but also admiration at how adorably cute she was acting…

But there was also a hidden nervousness buried deep inside him the more he looked at her.


“I can’t do it anymore.” Leyla weakly pleaded, her hand stretching out as her knuckles brushed his shoulder lightly. “I’m so terrible at this… please.” She begged him in a whisper. At that moment, it dawned on Matthias just what she’d been afraid of.

A casual smirk soon replaced the self-satisfied smile on his lips, but even so, Matthias’ hands continued to lovingly stroke her hair.

It’s okay.

That was what his gentle brushes felt like. As though he was placating a child. Leyla slowly pulled away from him, scooting slightly to put distance between them.

“Say it, Leyla.” He gently coaxed out, his calloused hands reaching out to grab hers. She turned her head towards it, slightly tilting up to meet his gaze in a curious manner.

“What do you mean?” She wondered in confusion, and Matthias’ hands moved to cup her cheeks.

“How hard do you want me to go?” he asked, and Leyla’s eyes widened, and the vibrant flush returned to her cheeks full force as she understood his implications.

“I-it’s not that.” She spluttered embarrassingly, vaguely registering the feel of his dried seed caking against her stomach. “I – I just want to stay like this for a moment, cherish this tranquility between us.” She told him lovingly and smiled sweetly towards him.

Matthias’ arms hiked up to support him, and he looked down at her gentle expression.

“Is that right?”

“Of course,” She whispered to him, “After all, I told you I love you, didn’t I? Did it seem like a lie?””

Matthias could only hum in response, smiling down at her in equal gentleness, but his eyes told a different story. Whenever she looked into her eyes, she could only see deep darkness reflected in him during the night.

There had been slight anxiety that resurfaced moments ago but eventually faded into relief when Matthias had given her no indication that he figured out her lie. This allowed her to calm down and relax on the satin sheets beneath them.

Which paved the way for another thought to spring up in her mind. Something she’d been finding the right time to do.

“Actually,” She began, nibbling on her lower lips in nervousness, “I wish to ask for something.” Feeling his eyes on her, she expertly avoided them, willing the following words to come out of her.

“As you know, my birthday is next month.” She reminded him, and Matthias chuckled at how nervous she looked at the moment.

“When, next month, is your birthday?”

Now that he thought about it, Matthias never recalled when her birthday was. This was a perfect opportunity to give her something lavish, something she deserved now she was his mistress.

“It’s on the first Saturday.” she meekly replied, eyes glinting in a show of excitement in the night.

Her birthday perfectly coincided with springtime’s full bloom the season. What a perfect day for a beautiful woman such as her, Matthias thought in admiration.

“So, is this a birthday present?” He asked with a serene smile, and she nodded meekly.

“Yes.” She whispered in a small voice, hiding her face beneath the blankets, making the duke laugh. He promptly pried the blanket off her face and brushed a finger against her cheeks as he looked at her.

“What kind of gift would you like then?”

“I-I’m having trouble choosing just one.” She admitted embarrassingly, and Matthias smiled comfortingly at her, scooping a stray golden lock of hers, and kissed it.

“Then tell me everything you want, and I’ll get it for you.” He whispered enticingly towards her, but it only made her frown.

“I don’t want that.” She replied, finding it utterly absurd at how easy it was to him to just purchase things for her, and yet his willingness to give her everything she asked for made her feel warm.

The expression of her false bravado reminded Matthias pleasantly about her charity performance at the end of last year. She was indeed the prettiest fairy that night yet gave the most hilarious performances.

His ever clumsy and most exquisite Leyla.

“I’m going to pick something that’s meaningful.” She suddenly told him, which made Matthias frown in confusion. After a few more moments of silence, she finally looked back at him. “Soon. I will tell you soon, which is it that I want.”

“Are you that confident then that I’ll give it to you?” Matthias asked her humoredly with a mischievous grin, but Leyla only blinked up before looking contemplatively in thought.

“I want to believe you would give it to me.” She admitted quietly.

“Why do you think I will do that?”

The frown on her face deepened before she looked at him sheepishly.

“Because I’m pretty?” She trailed off, looking unsurely at him.

What else could she answer him after all? He just wanted her because she was beautiful in his eyes.

When he continued to stare impassively at her, Leyla couldn’t help but become self-conscious.

“I – I,” She began stuttering, “Y-you told me that I’m pretty.” She weakly reasoned out. “Was it a lie?” She asked worriedly the longer Matthias regarded her silently.

Matthias narrowed his eyes in suspicion as he stared into hers. He tried remaining more impassively, but the nervous she got, the more adorable she looked; thus, he’d been unable to hold back his laughter at her expression.

Contrary to how she was trying to play him, he couldn’t find it to hate this woman. In fact, he looked forward to be getting caught up in her schemes, ecstatically curious as to what she was getting to.

Matthias sat up and leaned against the headboard of the bed. Leyla looked up at him timidly, trying to read him, to gouge out his reaction.

Gone was the brazenly confident woman who tried to seduce him before, now replaced by her old, clumsy self for that short moment.

Giving her a small smile, Matthias leaned his head back on the board to gaze upon the room’s ceiling, his hand absentmindedly stroking Leyla’s hair in slow, gentle motions.

What would it be like to sleep next to her every night and wake up next to her every morning? The thought came to his mind unbidden at that moment. But Matthias knew that was only wishful thinking at most.

But why would he even think that? There was simply no logic he could come upon.

The title of becoming his Duchess was not just to plainly be his wife after all.

Even if he were to make her his Duchess, Leyla would not be accepted into the empire’s high society.

Instead, she would be pushed aside, and their family name and honor would crumble in the process.

It was best she would only be his mistress. But still, the thought persisted despite him knowing it mustn’t come to be.

Still, it wasn’t as though Matthias was afraid of being scorned by the world.

After all, he was a Herhardt, first and foremost. This was just how he’s been raised. What he was born to be.

He never had the need to look at it from another person’s perspective, nor did he have to bow his head in deference to anyone. Whatever it was he wanted, one way or another, it’ll be given to him.

That was him, his whole life. Once a Herhardt, always a Herhardt. And he can’t find it in him to complain about that.


But this with Leyla was unknown territory, and all that he knew for sure was he wanted her all for himself. There were even thoughts of bringing in their family’s lawyer to gauge out the consequences he would face if he were to break off his engagement with Claudine and take on Leyla instead.

But it wasn’t the correct decision. Nothing beneficial to their family would come if he were to pursue this relationship with Leyla.

He needed to stop.

He took a deep breath, his hands stilling in Leyla’s hair before he pulled it away from her locks. Upon his stilled movements, Leyla looked up at him inquiringly.

Yes, being his mistress was the best solution.

It might not be the one he wanted, but this way, he could still have her as much as he wished and then stop when their relationship had reached a conclusion.

Moving her to Ratz would enable Leyla to live her life comfortably where he could keep tabs on her. In this way, he could also continue being Arvis’ perfect Duke Herhardt. Nothing will change for him, and Leyla would be solely his.

But Arvis without Leyla, well…

All of the main estate’s gardens, forests, riversides, and vast fields were nothing to him after all.

What made them so beautiful to him was her presence. He’d seen her constantly since she’d arrived at the estate. Watched the frail young girl turn into a beautiful woman.

She was why he’d come home to Arvis.

“Ouch…” Leyla gasped out softly, gaining back Matthias’ attention. He saw her wince momentarily in pain before realizing his hand wandered back into her hair, and now he was grasping a fistful of hair firmly.

“I-it hurts.” She whimpered, eyes glistening in the dark, when Matthias found his grip tightening up. She gasped out once again when he used this as a means to pull her up and towards him until his mouth was leveled with her ears.

“You’re mine, Leyla,” he whispered, his hot breath hitting her ears, making her body shudder.

His grip on her hair remained tight as he gently leaned her head back to plant a gentle kiss on her forehead.

“You belong to me,” He continued whispering as he planted more kisses from her temples, trailing them down her face, “All of you belong to me.”


His other hand then came to grasp the back of her neck firmly before he abruptly let go of her hair. Leyla squeaked in response, coaxing out an enamored smile from the Duke’s lips, yet there was a burning intensity in his eyes as he looked at Leyla, chilling her to the bone.

Leyla found herself frozen, equally enticed with him.

“But you’re not mine,” she whispered absentmindedly before her eyes widened in surprise and then shame. The familiar prickling sensation in her eyes returned as she tried to hold back tears.

Matthias only smiled and cooed at her praisingly.

“Yes,” he whispered in affirmation, “Such a good mistress you are.” He mumbled into her lips before he began ravishing her slowly. In the midst of making out with one another, Leyla heard him whisper as he pulled away…

“It doesn’t make you any less mine.”

He grinned at her affectionately, yet she could recognize that manic gleam in the eyes of Lady Brandt’s fiance.


Chapter 107.




Spring Has Come and Flowers Have Bloomed.







When the mailman had stopped by earlier, Bill thought it was just another batch of his mail. And yet, right in front of him was a very confusing letter.

There was nothing else on the envelope except his name. There was no sender to trace it back to—just his name.

He glanced at it in confusion, turning it over in his palm as he set aside the other mail. He frowned the more he looked at it, apprehensive about what it could contain. Deciding it was best to get this over quickly, he plopped on a chair by the porch and finally opened the envelope just as the spring breeze from the forest gently brushed past his dishevelled, graying hair.

What started out as simple curiosity soon turned into a boiling rage as he read, and re-read, and read the letter for any logic to its words again. His grip on it soon tightened, crumpling up the page in both hands as his lips were pursed into a thin line, and a frown burrowed its way on his face.

“Such crude accusations!” He all but hissed until the words were dancing in front of him with rage!

[I was uncertain how you would take this news, but I write it anyway because you have the right to know about your foster daughter’s hidden affairs, Mr Remmer. To bring light on Leyla Lewellin’s darkest secrets, secrets she’d been keeping from everyone and you.

She is currently in a relationship with an engaged man.

Yes, you read that correctly. I understand it would be difficult for you to believe this, and I wouldn’t blame you, but it is my truth. You may think of me terribly; after all, in your eyes, Leyla is all but an innocent child to you, but she isn’t. Ask her yourself, if you dare. It just pains me to know she’s been keeping this secret for a long time, especially from you. You, who loved and cared for her since she came into your care.

So I took it upon myself to finally reveal her secret to you.

What you do with the information I parted with you is not my business anymore. However, I would advise you that if you really care for your foster daughter, don’t let this continue. Of course, I cannot dictate your feelings on the matter, so choose wisely your next steps, Mr Remmer.


It’s genuinely revolting news to receive, but there was no lie in this. I swear on it in my life and the lives of those I love.

I genuinely hope you make the right choice here, Mr Remmer. It’s not too late to rectify Leyla’s indiscretions.]

Such elegant penmanship, yet such revolting words it contained, making Bill’s stomach twist and turn in protest at this information presented in front of him!

And what a coward this person was! To hide in anonymity as they imparted such deliberate accusations!

“Lies! All of this!” Bill hissed quietly to himself. Upon closer inspection, he inferred that the sender was most probably a woman. But who could do such a thing against his sweet and perfect little girl?!

Bill fisted the letter into a crumpled roll in his anger and threw it in complete rage across the room!

Such an insult to Leyla’s reputation! She was nothing but honourable and wouldn’t dare do anything as horrendous as being with an engaged man! What malevolent creature could even think about such horrible things to his girl!?

He caught sight of the letter and felt the urge to tear it into pieces once more. Just as he was about to pick it up, he found himself in front of the kitchen sink…

With a window looking over to the forest.

Memories of him seeing Leyla walking through the forest came rushing in the back of his mind. She walked back quietly to their cabin with her nightgown and white pallor, with messed up hair.

Bill’s hands shook before he clenched them up into a fist and quickly grabbed the letter off the floor, shaking the memory out of his head.

It wasn’t true. This was all baseless accusations, and not an ounce true in it!

Why would she even entertain an engaged man!? It was wrong and completely against the values she had!

These were only words of a coward who’s been jealous of his Leyla. Yes, that’s it. After all, if it was the truth, why hadn’t they signed a name? Yes. What cowardice had been displayed here.

The more he denied the letter, the more his rage built up until he felt angry blood rushing to his face as he clenched his fists hard around the letter! The wooden floorboards creaked beneath him with every shift of his weight as he paced back and forth around the cabin.

Everything after it became a blur until Bill found himself tossing the letter into the flames, watching as the flimsy paper eventually turned into ashes.

His eyes focused solely on the last line he could see.

‘She is currently in a relationship with an engaged man.’

“No, that’s not my Leyla,” He whispered into the flames, watching as the fire eventually ate the last of the letter until it all turned to dust.

But the rage and ache were still in his chest, making him gather up the ashes left by the fire before digging a hole in the back to bury it in manure and dung. Once he was done and cleaned himself off the dirt and grime, Bill found himself sitting on the chair, staring out into nothing with a blank face.

He can’t get that image of Leyla walking back home in the middle of the night. It kept flashing across his mind every time she appeared to be more and more like a girl, lost and stuck in the forest.

“There’s no way,” Bill whispered persistently to himself, “No way….”

The words flowed out like a mantra from his lips, berating himself over and over again for even doubting Leyla’s credibility and reputation over a coward’s words.

So stuck in his head, he failed to see how his body shook in the confines of their cabin.






“Miss Lewellin, why are you doing this again?!” Exclaimed the headmistress in surprise when Leyla had once again put forth a letter of resignation. “You’re even resigning now instead of requesting to be transferred!”

She narrowed her eyes in disappointment over to Leyla through the top of her spectacles before taking a sip of her tea. She swallowed the warm liquid, revelling in its feel going down her throat, before letting out a sigh and putting it down on the saucer.

“Is this another one of your fantasies to leave your hometown and go to a new city?” she asked her critically, “If so, then forgive me, but I shall put your resignation on hold lest you change your mind, again.” She told the younger woman pointedly.

Leyla could only smile sheepishly at her superior, grabbing her other arm by the elbow as she tried to reason herself out.

“N-no.” She stuttered, shaking her head in response. “Th-that’s not why I put in my resignation.” She added softly. The headmistress then clasped her hands before her as she scrutinized Leyla some more.

“Are you getting married, then?” She bluntly asked, and Leyla’s eyes shot up, a blush forming on her face before shaking her head profusely!

“No!” She exclaimed, albeit a little too quickly, before quickly looking back down to fidget with her fingers. When no further explanation was presented from Leyla, the headmistress began to feel impatient with her silence.


“Miss Lewellin, I’d like for you to at least shed some light over this sudden decision of yours!” She demanded, “Because as far as I’ve known and seen from you, you’ve been doing very well so I have no idea why you’d quit this school.”

She knew Leyla had to have a good reason to hand in her resignation. Despite her chiding, Leyla wasn’t an impulsive woman. She was very observant of all her teachers, especially the new ones. She’d seen the way Leyla handled and prepared her lesson plans.

This was not someone who could just leave behind her students. And so she waited patiently for Miss Lewellin to finally explain her reasoning.

“I,” Leyla paused, unsure of how to start. “I’m going to prepare for college entrance again.” She finally said while her hands fisted on her skirt.

She needed to sell this lie. After all, she practised so hard in the mirror, trying to be as convincing as possible. It helped that she had lots of practice in front of the Duke.

At her words, the headmistress blinked before re-reading the contents of her resignation letter.

“You’re going to college?” She asked in surprise, “You hadn’t mentioned it in your letter. Though, from what I recall, you wanted to go to a university in the capital, didn’t you?” She surmised, trying to hide her dislike for the idea.

As much as she wanted to hold on to her teachers, who was she to question them for trying to further their knowledge? Certainly not her, a headmistress of a learning school.

Still, the headmistress had ample time to find a replacement for her.

“Well, if that’s really your reason, then who am I to deny you of resigning?” She finally relented, granting Leyla to fully resign from her duties as this school’s teacher.

Leyla looked up at her and beamed a bright smile upon her acceptance before bowing in gratitude to her.

But even that happy face of hers was a rehearsed ruse, and she kept it up even after she left the principal’s office until it eventually faded away with every echo of her heels clicking at her step through the empty halls.

There was a knocking loneliness banging against her chest; hearing the fading laughter of the children outside as one by one left the school for their homes.

The day for her to leave was also drawing near as Leyla looked outside of the window, seeing the springtime begin to blossom over the vast fields. Flowers were beginning to sprout in the apple tree next to the window.

Now, she’ll just need to continue to cultivate her plan. Everything was going according to her plan, after all. She just needed more of the Duke. More of his obsession, more of his desire.


Sometimes, she would almost mistake it for the love he was showing her. But that couldn’t be. She wasn’t naive; she knew better that no monster could ever learn to love.

Every benevolent action he’d given her, they were all illusion to keep her subservient to him. And yet he failed to see how it was all a trap.

And he, a willing victim.

What foolishness the Duke portrayed, naively believing all the promises she intended to break. She found herself excited at every smile, laughter, and grin he’d given her freely. Truly, she was becoming everything he wished her to be…

Now all that’s left is for her to break it down and stab him with the shards of her betrayal.

Leyla climbed on her bicycle, all the more determined to see the entire thing through. Whatever nervousness was springing deep down in her mind, she firmly buried it down with the feelings of elation and excitement upon her birthday.

“Pretty.”

He called her that relentlessly. His sweet whispers echoed enticingly in her mind, but she knew they were all just poison nectar. Anymore and she would ruin herself.

Tender blue eyes flashed right in front of her, making her still in her movements.

Even if she thought about it…

Even if she believed some of this could be true… could really happen…

How further would this thing between them go?

‘What am I thinking!?’ Leyla scolded herself, hiking up the bike’s stand and got ready to pedal back home. There was no logic to this. Why was she even thinking about things going beyond what they already were!?

In her frustration, she pedalled furiously down the empty streets, mind running miles away from him as she passed by the wildflowers on the way towards his property.



Spring signalled the beginning of the flowers blooming once again. It was an obvious fact that Matthias always observed unceasingly.

He took his horse out for a ride earlier and found himself stopping beneath the shade of a willow tree, firmly planted beside the flowing stream across from him. The scent of fresh flowers wafted over him, bringing a cherished memory to mind.


His stallion had no qualms in taking a rest and enjoying the spring with him. And so Matthias swung himself over the back of his horse and got down. He patted it for a well-done job before leaning against the willow tree, still in deep thought.

Right across the stream was a meadow of budding flowers, yet to fully bloom.

This must be what Leyla meant. This must be where she watched the full bloom of spring come and go every year, without fail.

A smile came unbidden in his mind, a buzzing thrum beneath his veins when he recalled the way she told him before how she longed for them to enjoy this springtime together.

As much as he enjoyed riding on horseback and running through the glen, Leyla knew Arvis better than he did. After all, this was the first time he’s been to this section of his estate. Was it right to bring her to Ratz?

She might have loved Arvis more than he did.

But no matter, bringing her to Ratz was for the best. He would marry Claudine and keep Leyla to himself in Ratz, and there he could do what he wanted into the light. Sponsoring Leyla to her dream college was inconsequential.

He could still have her every night when she’s finished with her studies—a win-win situation for everyone.

Content, he leaned his head against the bark and watched the cloudless sky. He laughed, feeling himself light in the past few days. He’d never felt as listless as he did today, and it was because of Leyla.

And he doesn’t want it to stop. Leyla was everything for him.

Eventually, he managed to drift off, dreaming of golden locks and emerald eyes. She danced in a field of sunshine and flowers, hands reaching out, beckoning him to take her for himself. And their bodies molded together, limbs tangled up in one another as their breaths and sounds intermingled as one…

He could still feel the ghost of her warm body against his, even as he woke up.

The once blue sky was now basked in orange and red hues. Sunset had arrived.

He dusted off his hands and clothes with a sigh, before hoisting himself upon the stirrups and throwing his leg over the back of his noble steed. Despite having stayed longer than anticipated, Matthias’ relaxed gait remained, even as he galloped across the fields to return to his mansion.

Spring would inevitably come soon.

For now, he missed his canary dearly.




Bill had all but drowned his thoughts in alcohol, only stopping when he realized it was almost time for school to be over. Which meant it was nearly time for Leyla to return home.

And so he cleaned up his mess, and then himself, and poured himself some hot tea to sober up a little bit more before she figured something had happened in the moments she was gone.

As soon as she arrived, brightly beaming at him and kissing his cheek sweetly, any thought of confronting her about the letter flew off his head.

This wasn’t a person who would commit an affair with an engaged man.

And so he asked her about her day, and they chatted amicably until Bill all but forgot the anonymous letter when Leyla had dropped some unexpected news upon him.

“What?” He asked in disbelief, looking at her with wide eyes, “Is that true, Leyla? But why?” he asked incredulously, “Isn’t the Duke sponsoring you for your college?”

It was like Bill’s feet had been pulled under him all of a sudden. This was disturbing news! What happened? Did the Duke change his mind out of the blue?!

He had thought Leyla would be most affected by this, but she hardly seemed upset by it. Instead, she had a serene look on her face, despite the dismayed tone in her voice.

“Yes, uncle.” She said softly, looking down on her hands that were folded in front of her. “That’s exactly what I’m telling you.”

“But my dear…” Bill’s words trailed off as he stared longer on his beloved niece. The words were stuck in the back of his throat, and he suspected that later on, he would be seeing the end of the alcohol bottle once more.

He had thought that she would accept it in the end. After all, she asked for some time to think about her decision. Instead, she did the exact opposite, and opted not to take the golden opportunity the Duke was presenting them!

It was unfathomable for him that Leyla could just let that chance for her to pass by!

“How about it, uncle?” She hummed with bright eyes and an eager smile as she looked at him. “After spring, let’s go somewhere else other than Ratz.” She suggested to him, “Somewhere far away! To a place that has nothing to do with the Herhardt family!” She exclaimed excitedly, waving her hands to emphasize just how far she wanted their vacation to be.

Bill chuckled half-heartedly, finding his chest a little lighter with how easygoing Leyla was. Still, he couldn’t shake the undercurrent of worry upon her decision not to accept the Herhardt’s sponsorship.

“I don’t care where we go, my dear,” he told her gently with a smile, “We’ll go wherever you want.” He reassured her but kept drumming his hands nervously on the tabletop.


“But Leyla, I need you to think about this carefully again. You being sponsored is different. It’s a one in a million opportunity,” he emphasized. “This just doesn’t happen to anyone. Think about your future.” He finished.

Leyla’s eyes softened as she looked at him before giving him a despondent smile.

“I know, uncle,” she reassured him, “But that’s why I decided not to take it.” She finished, beaming at her uncle brightly. No matter how much Bill wanted her to change her mind, he knew how stubborn Leyla really was.

“Oh that reminds me, uncle,” She beamed brightly at him, which he found to be a little more genuine than before, “Monica got a perfect score on her arithmetic test today! You know Monica, right? She was the youngest student you met on an autumn picnic.” She reminded him excitedly.

Bill felt himself a little apprehensive at the sudden change in topic, but understood it for what it was. She won’t be changing her mind anytime soon, or ever. And so, he resolved himself to sit back, and listen to her stories for the rest of their evening.

But the nagging question in the back of his mind remained. What was happening right in front of him?

He has felt so unlike himself ever since this morning. Almost as though he wasn’t even in control of his actions as he’d gone through the rest of his household chores earlier. The letter might have rattled him a lot more than he thought.

Should he ask her instead?

“Leyla,” He called out softly, the name slipping out of his lips before he even registered the need to call her attention. She was currently cleaning out the table from their dinner, having finished rattling off about the different adventures her students had at school.

Dwelling over speculations would do nothing to ease his mind and misgivings about the unpleasant letter he’d received. It was best to ask now, and avoid further trouble later.

But how could he even begin to ask it?

Not a single word slipped out of his mouth after that, even though Leyla acknowledged his call, despite being busy putting away some leftovers. Bill eventually cleared his throat, the aching pit in his chest burning persistently inside him.

“I think…” he began, before quickly filling in the silence, “I should be getting to bed now, my dear.” He informed her, and she smiled at him and nodded encouragingly, urging him to rest as much as he could before tomorrow’s work.

How dare he have such doubts about his niece’s integrity? He knew her better than any accuser, anonymous or not. He mentally apologized to Leyla for doubting her and believing, even for a small moment, those lies held by a coward’s paper.


Wordlessly, Bill hurriedly left the kitchen, and headed straight into his room. He was far from ready to go to bed from the harrowing news he’d received, but he found himself so exhausted from today.

It didn’t help that Leyla was acting a little strange from his point of view. But that could have been conjured up by the doubts brought on by this morning’s letter.

He loathed to admit that his paranoia that something had gone wrong started long before the letter arrived. The letter’s arrival only served to cement more of his worries to be true. No…It didn’t even start after he’d gone and left for that trip last winter.

Now that he thought about it, the feeling of wrongness began long before that. Though he was certain when the winter season began, everything had been fine then.

Leyla was still acting like the Leyla she once was.

And so he lied firmly on his bed, trying to erase the letter in his mind. In the end, it proved counterproductive when its words were all that ran through his mind in the end, and the feeling of anger in himself surged up in him once more.

Leyla isn’t like that. She wouldn’t, not in her life and dignity would she ever entertain a married man.

‘But what if… NO!’

He firmly scolded himself once more. Even if it were true, which guy in Arvis would even dare touch his Leyla, when it was clear they already had a woman to pledge their life to?!

“No, there’s no way…” Bill muttered softly into the silence, hands shaking with rage as he imagined a faceless figure of a man looming in front of him. It made him freeze in surprise, but he hadn’t loathed the idea of strangling him until this imagined man breathed no more.

‘This was only the alcohol talking, it must be.’ Bill deluded himself into thinking. After all, he drank a lot, before Leyla’s return home.

He suddenly regretted getting rid of the terrible letter. If he kept it a secret, he could have checked the handwriting, matched it up to the documents he could get his hands on, and found out the mystery sender’s identity.

Maybe then, he could face a feasible person in his mind, and throttle them in real life instead of even sullying his niece’s name with horrendous lies!

As he gritted his teeth in anger, there was a sudden sound of a door creaking open. He didn’t know how long he lay in bed, but a quick glance outside told him it was far too late for anyone to be awake.

Perhaps Leyla was getting some water to drink. She must be staying up late. It wasn’t unusual.


And so he lay still, listening to their floorboards creak until he heard the sound of the front door creaking open before being firmly shut quietly. And Bill found himself moving unnaturally quiet as he got up from bed and took a peek outside their cabin.

And there she was, with a flimsy shawl wrapped around her shoulders, walking through the forest in her thin nightgown, looking as pale as a ghost-like when he’d seen her before.

But instead of coming back, she was now headed into a forest, and Bill could only stand dumbly in the middle of his room, staring after his Leyla’s disappearing form into the woods.










Chapter 108.




Everything’s So Easy For You.







She arrived at the annex earlier than the aforementioned schedule. The building was still basked in darkness. With a deep breath, she slowly went up the steps; hands buried deep in her thin cardigan’s pocket as she fished for the key she’d been given once before.

With the cool metal in her palm, she deftly inserted it into the knob, and twisted the door open. Even inside, only darkness greeted her back.

But it didn’t scare Leyla as much as it did before. Not when she’d roamed these halls, enough that she could navigate through it even in the shadows.

She knew that even if she’d leave this place, this building would forever be embedded in the back of her mind, unable to shake the looming memory of them in these walls.

Calm eyes raked over the drawing-room once she arrived in it. She stood still in place, hands back in her pockets as she took the room in.

It was as beautiful, and as intimidating as ever. It also reminded her of that beautiful, and intricately designed cage the Duke had for his canary. Because, in some ways, she mirrored that small canary the Duke had raised.


She soon found herself sitting on the edge of the sofa; eyes trailed down on the tips of her toes. They swung back and forth beneath her, before the urge to get up, and move returned, and so she did, eventually finding herself outside on the balcony.

The cool night air, breezed through her face, making Leyla breathe in the fresh scent around her. It wasn’t the same biting chill she felt whipping across her face when she first began this deal with the Duke.

It’s only been a season since her life got pulled beneath her feet: just one, winter season. And yet so much has changed, and so much more will have to change after this.

Leyla took a step forward, her body moving automatically, and her hands left her pockets to grasp the cool surface of the balcony’s railings in front of her. Her eyes trailed mesmerized on the shimmering waters of Schulther River.

The river had all but frozen over during the winter, but with spring around the corner, the ice had begun thawing off, to release the rushing waters beneath the ice. She never noticed how shiny they looked during the night, but perhaps that was because the moon was brighter tonight than before…

“How beautiful…” she muttered under her breath, completely taken with the flow of water. The currents seemed to be pulling her in, and further down into her thoughts…

Suddenly, an intruding presence came up beside her, immediately snapping her back into reality. She looked up, and finally saw the Duke, in all his grace and beauty, staring intently at her. A rush of warmth came upon her.

As it gazed upon her, he was casually leaning on the balcony, eyes completely dark and soft. He lightly gestured to the gardens below.

“The flowers have begun to bloom.” He casually began. Leyla felt her throat constrict in surprise at the sudden topic.

“F-flowers?” She asked numbly in confusion before her eyes widened in realization, “Ah, the flowers!” She softly piped up, suddenly feeling awkward around him. All of a sudden, that sunken feeling inside her lightened up, giving her an energized feeling in return.

Oblivious to her inner turmoil, Matthias continued on.

“I think next week would be the right time for us.” He informed her, now overlooking outside, eyes trailed on Arvis grounds.

“What?”

“You said you wanted to show me something.” He turned back to her, “To that special place you told me.”


The gust of wind picked up around them, whips of golden locks flying around her face. Matthias’ hand reached out to her, softly, and gently tucking in some of the stray strands behind her ear, caressing her cheeks gently afterward as his fingers brushed against her skin…

Leyla took him in, drinking in his immaculate image, burning it in the back of her mind to forever remember.

Right now, in this night and place, there were just the two of them. He wore a creamy white tennis sweater, over flannel pants, wholly dressed in comfort than his usual formal suit and ties.

It gave her a surreal feeling, unable to comprehend this was the man in her nightmares. What a strange man he truly was…

“W-what about this weekend, instead?” She counter suggested, hurriedly breaking eye contact and gesturing wildly to the gardens. “Surely this weekend will give us the same beautiful view as next week.” She smiled at him shyly.

Even as she smiled appeasingly towards him, it was like everything was slowly being muted. She was hyper fixated on the wildly beating heart in her chest, afraid it would be too loud, Matthias would quickly be onto her…

And now that she was so close to realizing her freedom…

Something inside her was hesitating.

What would the Duke do, if he knew the truth?

A sigh escaped from the man before her, bringing her attention back to the present once again.

“Unfortunately, we can’t.” Matthias told her, “I will need to leave for Ratz this weekend.” He regretfully explained to her. He casually brushed up some of his hair, and Leyla’s heart skipped a beat when she absentmindedly noted how it was the same hand he used to tuck in her hair, just a little while ago.

The casual motion messed up his perfectly quaffed hair, but Leyla belatedly noted how completely comforting it was to see him in a less pristine condition. He looked younger than he usually did…

And she was reminded quickly how they were around the same age.

And her memories of him as a young boy came flooding. Him during school, meeting him for the first time, encountering him as she wandered around Arvis…

Funny how nothing seemed to change day by day, but all of a sudden, everything had changed.

“You’re going to Ratz?” she clarified softly, sounding a little disappointed at that small fact, but she quickly tamped down the feeling.


“I will.” He sighed regretfully once more, “There’s a birthday party being held, in honor of the Empress.” He informed her, cupping her cheek with warm, calloused hands, “I’m afraid I won’t be back until the end of next week. I plan to also use that time to finish my work in the capital.”

“Oh…” she trailed off, her voice sounding sullen, even to her own ears. Claudine’s sneering face towering over her came unbidden in her mind, her chest tightening painfully in her chest…

‘It would also be ample time to spend time with your fiance.’ She thought unkindly, and quickly nodded her head in understanding, before eyeing the river in complete resoluteness.

Come summertime; she was certain that the Duke’s impending nuptials would eventually be the talk of the town, if not the whole Empire.

Even today’s lunchtime was spent on praising and admiring the young Lady Brandt, soon to be the current Mrs. Herhardt, the next Duchess of Arvis. As she sat there with her colleagues, Leyla could only find herself biting her tongue and listening to their words.

When engaged and asked about the wedding, Leyla could only nod and smile in response, never voicing out any of her deep thoughts on the matter, opting to stay out of the conversations.

Even the thought of their wedding being grand and celebrated all over the Empire left a bitter taste in her throat…

She focused back on the shimmering waters, drawn by the river’s innate beauty. It’s almost like the stars were swimming, drifting along with the flow…

She reckoned that she’d miss the landscape the most when she’d leave Arvis inevitably. The thought of its beauty already kept coming unbidden in her thoughts, and she found herself oddly comforted by that fact.

She may leave Arvis, but Arvis would never leave her.

“Isn’t my queen afraid of the water?” Matthias coolly piped up beside her, immediately reminding her she wasn’t alone.

Turning to him, with eyes widened in surprise, she blushed at the sight of that teasing smirk plastered on his lips. Her brows furrowed, shooting him a dry glare.

“Stop teasing me.” She huffed out quietly, softly scolding him for calling her a queen.

“You said it yourself first,” Matthias pointed out, grinning and shrugging at her upon her constant glare. “I believe your exact words were, if I’m a gentleman, then you’re the queen. Isn’t that correct?” He hummed.

“Yes, but only when you’re being a gentleman.” Leyla shot back at him dryly. Matthias’ eyes crinkled in delight at her response, and this time she did not shy away from his gaze. Despite the obvious passage of time in him, Leyla would never deny how beautiful he was to her.

He’s grown strong, and more mature than he’d been before, but he was always so mesmerizing to her.

She gave him a slow once over, slowly drawing closer to him as she met his eye.

“Unfortunately, you don’t look much like a gentleman today,” She hummed, “So just call me Leyla.”

Just when she began to look away, Matthias stepped closer, and immediately cupped her cheek to keep her looking at him. They stared into each other’s eyes, with Matthias’ thumb gently caressing her pale cheeks…

“Come summer, I’ll personally teach you how to swim.” He promised her, eyes slightly glancing down at the shimmering river. Almost as if he read her earlier thoughts, he went back to meet her eyes, “So then you’ll feel how it is to swim in the stars.”

A painful lurch came upon Leyla’s chest, a watery sensation in the back of her eyes as she saw the determination in his eyes. It was so out of the blue, it caught her off guard, and now she was trying to blink back the tears threatening to make an appearance…

“No you won’t,” She whispered softly, “You’re lying.” She said, a tremble in her voice the more she held his gaze, “I won’t even be here in the summer.” She said out loud, without meaning to.

At the last statement, Matthias’ could feel something burning in his chest, a wild beast unfurling awake at her words. His eyes narrowed towards her. As if noticing her slip-up, Leyla tried not to react too much but instead opted to clarify why that was…

“You’ll be married by then, won’t you?” She reminded him, “By then, I’ll have to leave Arvis. And we won’t ever be here together again.”

“I… see…” Matthias’ voice trailed off as his brows furrowed in thought.

“So you see,” Leyla huffed out a breathy, despondent laugh, “You were lying after all.”

Matthias looked at her sorrowful eyes, and cupped the back of her head gently, drawing her closer to him.

“Schulter River is not the only river in existence,” Matthias quickly rectified. “I will teach you how to swim beside the stars.” He reiterated. Leyla smiled despondently at him.

“Everything’s so easy for you.” She absentmindedly pointed out, and he just shrugged at her.

“I never have to think hard about trivial things.”

“And what am I to you?” Leyla finally asked, looking so seriously at him, “Do you think I’m the type of person with that kind of luxury?”

Because that’s the kind of man, he truly was.


No matter how beautiful, how powerful, he was an inconsiderate man, who thought nothing about the consequences for others. He’ll take whatever he wants. And when he wanted her to be his mistress, he got it as well.

And he’s also telling her to take what she wanted, as his mistress.

She would have to live in the shadows. But by his bedside, she’ll have everything she wanted in life and more. And he will still get married, and carry on with his life as business as usual. Easy peasy.

“Do you think this has been easy for me?” She persisted, her palms locking up in its joints to prevent herself from clenching them in frustration, “Don’t you even feel sorry for me?”

Gone were the thoughts of trying to keep up the act. She just wanted him to stop being quiet, and give her an answer.

How did he really see her? Beyond being beautiful, beyond being his, what was she, to him?

“Do you regret any of it?” She asked again when he still remained silent, “Even a little of it? What have you done to me?”

Still nothing, but something was already bubbling up deep within her.

‘I’m leaving you.’

She wanted to say it. Bring a reaction out of him to give her any hints of his answer. But she wouldn’t.

Telling him now would jeopardize everything she was trying to do.

And she won’t let him ruin this.

She’ll leave him and disappear to a place as far away from Arvis, and consequently its Duke, as possible.

And she will forget about both the Duke and Duchess of Arvis, no matter how long it would take.

But what if she did mean something to him? If he was sincere in his want of her, then…

Was it even worth believing him? Was he worth all the pain, the tears, the hurt she’d experienced with his obsession and desire to have her?

‘Should I stop this now? And save my heart from the ache?’

The silence was beginning to deafen Leyla, until finally, Matthias gave her a reply.

“No.”

Something in Leyla cracked with his answer.

“I don’t regret anything.” He told her. She searched his eyes for any secrets or deceit…


There was none. He was wholly sincere that he did not regret anything he did to her. He was beautiful in his self-assuredness, but it didn’t hide from her the ugly flaw in his personality.

“So, that’s your answer.” Leyla sighed out, half in relief, and half in acceptance.

“And what about you?” Matthias asked her, his voice dropping into a low baritone as he began to hover behind her, his mouth right next to her ear, the heat of his body spreading to hers.

The plan was on, after all.

“Me too.” She told him with a bright smile, turning to face him, and cupping his cheek in exchange. She stroked his face in a loving manner, coaxing him to draw closer to her as she gave him her sweetest smile.

“I don’t regret anything with you.” She finished, thinking about how devastated he would be when she’d turn up gone as soon as he returned.

Yes, she won’t regret anything with him indeed.



The night had been full of noises and sounds. Bill could even hear the Nightingale chirping outside, while an owl hooted off at a distance as if to respond, adding to the symphony of the night.

He swept back his unkempt hair over his head, joint in his hands stiff in the chilly night. As he drew closer to the Annex, he found himself frozen, staring into the lighted building.

It was an impulsive decision to follow Leyla; he knew that. He took extra measures to ensure she wouldn’t realize he had followed her. He initially thought she had been sleepwalking and felt immense worry for her…

But she was walking purposefully until she disappeared from his line of sight.

And so he rushed to follow her without any further thought. But he’d been unable to find neither hair nor sight of her form in the dark. Instead, he’d been drawn by the river, its waters flowing nonstop, echoing loudly in the quiet night.

And there he saw the Annex come to life.

But she wouldn’t. There was no way!

This was just the influence of the letter, running through his mind relentlessly. Leyla wasn’t that type of girl at all!

He should turn back now, better get home and believe Leyla knew what she was doing, when he saw another figure on the other side of the riverbank, ambling towards the annex.

It was a man, and Bill found himself hiding behind the tree, immediately taking cover not to be noticed.

When he’d chanced a glance at the newcomer, he immediately recognized him.

It was Duke Herhardt.

He watched as the Duke calmly entered the annex, walking up the steps, while different parts of the separate house from the main mansion continued to light up inside.

This made no sense; Leyla would never!

Still, he found himself glued to the spot.

“Wake up Bill,” he muttered to himself, “You’re being delusional, it’s best we get some sleep.” He further mumbled out.

Leyla might not even come by here, she must have walked the other way! Surely, she was back at home now, all asleep and safely tucked in her bed. Yes, there was no reason for him to suspect it was Leyla in the Annex, waiting for the Duke.

It could have been one of the attendants, sent ahead to get things ready for their master…

But just when Bill had fully convinced himself, he saw the Duke step out onto the balcony, and followed closely behind by a woman…

Bill didn’t need a long time to recognize her either.



Leyla’s face was pale as she walked down the connecting stairs in front of the annex. When leaving, she grew all pale and cold, the chilling biting deep into her bones. The moon was high in the sky, illuminating her path through the forest.

All traces of false niceties were also gone from her face. She was left with nothing but a broken spirit and an indifferent look as she recalled the passionate kisses the Duke had given her before parting.

She made sure to fix her glasses, and then straightened out her face, before resuming her steps, a routine she built over the nights with Matthias.

It was just like any night. It should have felt like it had every night before, yet that sinking feeling in her gut refused to leave her be. But everything in her was numb.

There was no fear, no despair…

Not even an ounce of hurt as she replayed his answer of denial. He did not regret anything he did to her.

She will have to not regret what she does in return as well.


And there it was, that elated feeling welling up in her at the thought of what she’ll leave him with. An obsession that will never be satisfied.

A minuscule quirk up her lips began appearing, making her feel like she was floating in the air. And then she was skipping through the soft soil, soft giggles escaping her lips as she flailed her arms back and forth.

‘See? I can do it well.’

She thought delightfully to herself, until she felt something dribble down her cheeks, again, and again, and again…

Until she couldn’t ignore it anymore.

She blinked back in confusion, stopping in her victory skip, and brought a shaky hand up to her cheeks.

Why was her hand shaking?

Why did they become wet after she tapped her cheeks?

Her vision began to be blurry, and then it clicked in her head.

She was crying; why was she crying? She wasn’t hurt, was she?

Deciding to ignore that, she resumed her giddy skipping, yet still, the tears persisted in flowing. She couldn’t help but giggle at her ridiculousness! This was tears of joy! Of course it was!

Still her hands shook, and her steps stuttered a couple of times. She could almost feel her knees threatening to buckle beneath her…

Why was everything so muted?

Why was everything so numb?

She continued giggling to herself into the night.

She recalled that cold winter night, when she’d first embrace her hatred of him. Oh what a burden that was! If she knew how tiring it would have been, she wouldn’t have bothered holding on to it!

It weighed heavily in her mind, making her boil with rage from just the mere thought of him, but now, there was nothing. She couldn’t even invoke the usual level of hate for him!

‘Will the rest of my suffering and hatred leave me too, once I leave this place?’

She hummed thoughtfully, pursing her lips in genuine curiosity. She wanted to be free of the Duke, of Arvis, and this hot-iron grip in her heart she knew to be resentment.


She also wished for the memories to leave her once she leaves too. To forget even his existence in her life.

Her steps faltered as her grin grew shakier by the second. The darkness in front of her seemed to stretch out, unending…

And then her giggles turned into sobs, until the weight of everything came crashing down. She was wailing in her loneliness as she heaved for the air of salvation…

“Leyla!” a concerned yell of her name filtered through the haze of her wracking sobs. Leyla gasped for breath, tears still flowing, as she hastily looked up and rushed to wipe away her still flowing tears…

“U-uncle?” she stuttered, hoping with all the deities in existence she was hallucinating. There was no other way she would be able to hold onto her composure over anything else!

But it was true. This was no hallucination.

In front of her, she could see her uncle.

Her uncle who always stood so proudly. Her uncle who was unwavering in his strength. Her uncle who cared and raised her as best as he could from her difficult childhood…

Was walking to her now in staggering steps.

She shook her head in a final attempt at denial, but even as her vision blurred once more, and cleared up as she wiped the tears away, he remained clear and vivid in front of her.

Before she knew it, he was standing right in front of her.

And the chill in her bones turned frigid, as she fell onto her knees, the gravity of what she’s been doing nailing the final blow to her sanity.

But instead of coming back, she was now headed into a forest, and Bill could only stand dumbly in the middle of his room, staring after his Leyla’s disappearing form into the woods.


Chapter 109.




Last Wind.







It had been a while since Leyla had been led limply by the hands of her uncle. She was unresponsive during the whole walk, and now, the cabin remained silent and still even at the break of dawn.

Consciousness eventually bled into her eyes, the glassy look disappearing into a resignation. Her eyes flickered down, imprinting in the back of her mind every crack and crevice on the old wooden table in front of her.

She blinked a couple of times.

Everything that happened was still so surreal. Each scene came in flashes, playing loop by loop endlessly.

But the most prominent one was Uncle Bill crying.

She let out a low chuckle, devoid of any emotion. Her uncle was crying because of her.

Sunlight eventually streamed into the cabin, Leyla’s eyes latching onto the silhouette of the sun rising through the clouds, parting as though to tell her everything would be fine today.

The birds’ flapping their wings also drew her attention.

She vaguely remembered holding back her uncle as he tried to run back to the annex. She was hugging him firmly from behind, holding him in her arms with an iron grip as he yelled profanities and promised to kill him…

She was vaguely thankful they were deep in the forest, no one else would hear their commotion. But it seemed to happen forever ago, and now, she was uncertain what would happen next.

“This needs to stop, Leyla.” Uncle Bill finally began, his voice cracking and rough after the long night, “Tell me what’s wrong, because, this, this is not right sweetheart. Please, tell me the truth.” He pleaded with her, yet Leyla couldn’t find any words to tell him.

Bill’s heart ached for the girl he raised. This catatonic state of hers greatly reminded him of that little girl who came to him after a few tragic experiences.

He ensured she would want for nothing, and have a beautiful and better life than he had, than she had in her youth…

And now…

He won’t let her become the Duke’s mistress! He’ll kill him before he ever let that happen! Bill promised to himself, as his fists clenched at his sides.

“Uncle, I lo-” Leyla began to explain, but Bill could finally see right through her.

“Don’t you dare lie to me!” He scolded, making Leyla flinch involuntarily at his raised demand, “I know you Leyla, I. Know. You.” He reiterated, “And I don’t believe for one second this had all been voluntary.” He finished, breathing deeply through his nose as he tried to reign in his temper.

Leyla didn’t need that from him. She didn’t need his fury. But she also needed to be reminded she had people in her corner, no matter how futile it seemed for her.

And it was like his words had cut deep into Leyla, for that passive poker face of hers twisted into something undesirable. Her lips curled downwards as they trembled, and sobs wracked out of her body, as she desperately hid her face in her palms.

Bill immediately sat beside her, and pulled her into a comforting embrace, whispering how he’ll make things better soon, she just needed to trust him.

When he persisted in asking how long this had been going on, how it began, Leyla bit into her lips, unable to look at him, he worried she’d draw blood…

But then things began clicking into place.

The accident in the greenhouse, the way the Duke dropped the charges and kept him employed despite him knowing some employees had been sacked for lesser offenses…

The way Leyla started pulling away from him, while at the same time began to cling desperately around him…

The added favors the Duke made to what he thought would help better his and his niece’s situation in the long run…

And like a fool, he didn’t think twice about looking at the gift in the horse’s mouth. Bill despaired how he’d been a willing pawn by the Duke to imprison his lovely girl further. He could only pale at the thought of his involuntary compliance.

It wasn’t the Duke’s mercy and grace that got him out of jail. It was the promise of Leyla submitting to his whims and desires that did.

And giving him that comfortable job in Ratz? And sponsoring Leyla in her dream school? That was only to further indebted them to him and hold onto Leyla for an indefinite future, even as he married Lady Brandt.

“No way… it was the accident wasn’t it?”


“No!” Leyla persisted, pleading it was anything but, promising she’d fallen in love with the Duke and begged him to make her his mistress, but Bill could hear every lie now that he was well aware of it.

Blatant lies they really were, very plain to see. Leyla had never been a good actress, much less a liar. He hadn’t been able to see it before because he didn’t want to see it.

“I foolishly thought he’d saved us from poverty when he released me, but I had unwittingly sold you to a monster instead….”

“No uncle! Please, believe me, I love him! I was selfish, I wanted him to be mine!”

“I promise you I’ll kill him, with my bare hands if I have to!”

Bill shot up to his feet, unbridled anger now coiling beneath his veins, a hidden promise to deliver it to the guilty party! Bill had no doubts the Duke even took into consideration the ruined reputation Leyla would have once word of their affair would get out.

If that happens, Leyla would forever be trapped within his shadow, his to use and dispose as he wanted.

The Duke would bear none of the brunts of his actions, but Leyla would bear every shame.

“No uncle don’t!” Leyla pleaded as she blocked him from leaving the cabin and knelt before him, “If you go to prison again, I won’t live!” She exclaimed, tears flowing out of her eyes as she wailed for him to stay.

“Why should I not kill him for what he did to you?!” Bill demanded, still angry at his blindness and for failing to protect his ward.

“Because I’m leaving anyway! I swear it, I will leave Arvis forever, and finish our affair before he even marries Lady Brandt! I won’t go to him anymore after tonight, I’ll do my best not to!”

And then it all clicked, every conversation of hers trying to convince them to leave behind Arvis, and settle somewhere else so far away…

She had tried to fix everything by herself. How could Bill jeopardize her even further by soiling his hands with murder?

“Oh, my poor girl,” Bill sobbed, pulling her up to her feet and bringing her into a tight hug, “I’m so sorry, my dear, I’m so sorry!” He begged her for forgiveness, as Leyla hugged him tight in equal desperation.

How brightly the sun shone in Arvis, completely oblivious to the storm clouds over the two unfortunate people in the quaint cabin.





“Master, we’re all set to leave.” Hessen quickly said after he’d approached quietly beside Matthias.

He nodded in acknowledgement, and swiftly stood to his feet. Hessen got to work, brushing his master’s suit to keep it pristine, while Matthias gathered his things.

As his butler was fixing his clothes, Matthias looked out his massive windows, hoping to catch a glance of his mistress walking through the gardens. He belatedly noted that the roses would be in bloom soon.

He smiled to himself at how similar Leyla was to the flowers. She lived and came into his life to make it beautiful.

A slight pout appeared in his lips. Leyla must not have left for work yet. Usually he’d have seen her by now. He really hoped to see her before he left. Perhaps they could work out a system once he returned.

Once Hessen had backed away, finished with fixing him up, Matthias headed to his golden cage, and smiled at his canary. He lightly tapped against the sides of the cage to gain the bird’s attention.

Without fail, the bird stopped grooming itself and chirped in greeting him, drawing closer to his fingers.

It was happy today too.

Matthias turned on his heels and walked out of his mansion. His chauffeur held open the car door for him as he descended the steps. Belatedly, he cursed himself in his mind for not asking what she wanted for his return.

Nevertheless, he was certain he could pick her a gift worthy of her beauty.

“Oh, Mr. Remmer, good morning.” Hessen’s voice interrupted Matthias’ musings as he halted from entering the car to look back and saw his butler greeting the old gardener, who held a muddy shovel in hand.

Matthias hoped he wasn’t tracking mud all over the garden, and if he was, he’d clean it up soon.

“Can I help you with anything?” Hessen asked the gardener, who locked eyes with the Duke.

There was something there, Matthias could tell, but he couldn’t fathom where it would come from.

“Mr. Remmer?” Hessen called out softly, finally gaining the gardener’s attention once more.

“Oh, it was nothing. Must have blanked out for a while there.” Bill replied amicably to Hessen, his hands on his shovel tight, judging by the way his knuckles were turning white.

Bill had decided to never go near the Duke again, in an effort to keep his promise to Leyla. But when he’d seen the Duke going down his mansion, all pristine and untouchable…

He marched forward, making a beeline for the Duke.

It was only the memory of Leyla begging him not to, that kept him glued in his spot, long before the butler even took notice of him.


The Duke must have brushed him off as something trivial, for he got in the car not long after that. He watched as the chauffeur shut the Duke’s door, going around the car to get back in the driver’s seat.

Oh how outwardly he really was the picture-perfect gentleman. Bill had once been in disbelief and awe of him.

“Bill, truly, what’s wrong?” Hessen turned to him once more, after giving his master a respectful goodbye bow. “This isn’t like you.”

Bill’s grip on his shovel tightened, and he swallowed down his scowl and displeasure. Hessen wasn’t free of his ire either. He was undoubtedly the head butler of the Herhardts and was well aware of his master’s extracurricular.

He must have known it was Leyla, and still, he did nothing.

Bill gave him a tight smile instead.

“Really, it’s nothing.” Bill insisted, quelling his anger with righteous patience. For Leyla’s sake, and so they can escape. He will reign in his rage.

The family he once saw as his fellow workers were gone. They weren’t family if they blindly allowed this to happen, and never thought to inform him.

These were people he’d been with, grew up with since his youth. This new truth was sickening and disheartening to him.

And now, he was just plain tired.

“I was just going to say goodbye.” Bill added as an afterthought, “That’s all, nothing more.”

Without waiting for a further reply, Bill hurriedly made his exit, and went back to the direction of the gardens. Just as he was about to near a flowerbed, he was stopped by an image of a child, waiting in a mail wagon.

And then his ugly emotions came rising up, immediately rearing its ugly head, as he threw his tightly gripped shovel away in haste! His abrupt actions didn’t go unnoticed, drawing a few more stares from his fellow co-workers.

But no one dared to ask him what was wrong.

“Ah, Mr. Remmer! Just in time, I see!” Remarked the mailman jovially as he noticed the seasoned gardener. He began to approach Bill with a bright smile, and the old gardener fought to keep himself calm.

Whether the mailman noticed his trembling hands as he received his telegram, he would never know.


His eyes focused on the telegram he had just received, a cold steely gaze formed in his eyes as he realized what it was. It was a telegram replying to the one he had sent a few days ago.

Discreetly, he opened up his telegram away from any prying eyes, and read its contents swiftly. Relief bled into his eyes the more he read its contents, his trembling hands coming to a relaxed grip, and the burning ire in him was gradually doused.

He won’t make the same mistake again. This time, he’ll make sure he’ll protect his Leyla, and not fail her as he did.

He only has one priority left, one promise to keep with all his heart, and he won’t fail it. He’s ready to leave everything behind for this. Everything else pales in comparison than the promise this one thing would bring them.

Leyla was now his utmost priority, and no one else is above that. Not even his own life.








“Teacher, are you sick?” a small voice asked Leyla, when she looked down, she saw Monica, looking up at her with worried eyes. Before she could even answer her, the little girl’s lips began to tremble and promptly began to cry..

“T-teacher!” She wailed, and reached out to grab her by the edge of her sleeves to tug her arm down as Leyla rubbed the sleep from her eyes.

“Oh sweet thing, I’m sorry for worrying you,” Leyla hushed, while simultaneously trying to keep herself alert and awake to do her job. She reached down to hold the girl’s hands, while her other hand reached to put on her glasses. “Why are you still here? Is your ride not here yet?” She asked worriedly, smiling reassuringly to the young girl.

Monica whimpered as she still kept sobbing with worry.

“You look sick, teacher.” She persisted, fresh tears flowing once more, “Please don’t die!” She wailed once more. “Don’t be like my mom too teacher! She was sick, and then she died! Don’t die, teacher!” She kept saying.

In the end, Leyla was kept out of her depressing thoughts trying to console the young girl she was nowhere near sickness nor death.

She ended up sitting the young girl in her lap, while wiping her tears away with her handkerchief, until the wails and sobs turned into sniffling instead.


“So, teacher is not dying?” Monica sniffed, her red-rimmed eyes finally beginning to believe her. “You’re not sick?”

“No, I’m not.” Leyla said with a smile, but inwardly, she was berating herself for holding herself rather poorly that her student had to see her in such a pathetic state.

Meanwhile, finally convinced, Monica quickly beamed at her and hopped out of her lap. She darted quickly to her things, and then back, holding a fistful bouquet of grass flowers up to her.

“Then, I’ll give you this teacher.” She sweetly offered. Some plants had already started to wither, but Leyla could still see the brightly colored yellow petals, and received it kindly.

“Thank you, Monica.”

“Don’t get sick, okay?” Monica reiterated and Leyla nodded with a gentle smile. “You promise?”

“Pinky promise.” Leyla told her. Monica beamed at her brightly. Leyla set the bouquet down gently on her desk, before wiping the remnants of her tears, and fixing the little girl’s hair back to how it had been when she first entered the class.

The child finally left for home, leaving Leyla alone to her thoughts once more.

The novice teacher sat in her seat, looking out into nothingness before she shook out of her own reverie, and gathered her things, before getting ready to return to their cabin. She half dreaded having to see her uncle again, still being painfully reminded of what he now knew about her.

“Let’s leave, Leyla.”

Oh how she longed so much to hear those words from her uncle. But she hated how he had to know about her sleeping with the Duke for him to say it. He’d been silent for several days since he figured it out, leaving her to her thoughts and ruminations, when he broke his silence this morning just to tell her that.

“I can’t leave you in his hands for another day. Let’s run away together, even to the end of the world so that the Duke will never find you again.”

Her uncle’s eyes were cold, even though his words were passionate as he said them to her. Speechless as she was, she couldn’t deny wanting to do the same, and nodded her ascent.

She was going to leave soon anyway, so why not do it sooner than expected? She hated she had been caught by her uncle, but the damage was done. She’d been discovered, and Uncle Bill ended up getting hurt.

At the very least, she could finally leave him now. All that was left was to leave him. It was what she wanted most in the end after all.


It didn’t matter to her where they would end up. So long as it was as far away from him as possible. So long as she could forget him in peace, and never see him again, she would be happy once more.

And then she could re-live her dream life, and live peacefully with her Uncle once more, as they did before this whole mess even began.

She hoisted herself over her bike, occasionally rubbing her eyes to keep herself awake until she got home. She then proceeded to pedal back home, quickly passing by the cityscapes and busybodies in the streets.

Before she knew it, she had already turned down the road headed to Arvis, a fond memory quickly resurfacing to mind when she’d been visiting Uncle Bill as she rode on a rattling mail wagon.

She had been practising milling with an old luggage bag in her tiny arms. She remembered praying earnestly that her Uncle Bill would like her. If he turned out to be better than the others, then she promised she would be a good little girl.

And when he turned out to be the best guardian she could ask for, she tried really hard to be a good girl. And yet, she ended up with a lifetime of looking over her shoulder, in fear of a powerful man taking her away from her uncle.

She also broke her uncle’s heart. Giving in and resulting in shameful acts just to ask for what she wanted from the powerful man. It was an act not so easily forgotten…

She belatedly thought she should never have come to Arvis in the first place.

She should have gone with the orphanage instead. If she had, she would never have crossed paths with the Duke, she wouldn’t be in this mess. She wouldn’t have had to suffer in her adult life…

Kyle and Uncle Bill would have been better off never meeting her too. If they hadn’t, they would have never been so unhappy now.

But she was also selfish. Because she knew, if she were given a chance, she would still choose to come to Arvis anyway despite knowing that. And it made her stomach churn uncomfortably at its implications…

Suddenly, a car came around the corner, halting Leyla in her tracks. She’d recognize that car anywhere.

It was the Duke’s.


Chapter 110.




For Eternity.







The leaves around her were of a beautiful forest green, swaying along with the evening winds as the sky was painted orange as the sun prepared to rest for the day.

Leyla found herself scooting closer to the shaded area on the sidewalk as she watched the car halt in front of her. She had no doubt it had been ordered to do so by its master, safely nestled inside.

As expected, the doors in the car clicked unlocked, and Matthias pristinely stepped out of the vehicle without further adieu, and made a beeline straight for her.

Leyla could only watch him in rapt attention, drinking in his image and form, unconsciously burning it to her memory.

He stopped a couple of paces in front of her, and they stared into each other’s eyes. None of them made any move to fill the awkward silence between them, aside from the rustling and whistling of leaves and winds.

“Have you given it much thought then?” Matthias finally asked her, breaking the silence after a quick glance at his wristwatch.

He was supposed to be departing Arvis, but that had been delayed due to an abrupt luncheon meeting. Which meant he would have to miss the evening train, which he was supposed to take to be able to attend the Queen’s birthday party on time.

Upon her confused look, Matthias decided to clarify.

“Your birthday gift, have you given it some thought?” He asked her again, deciding to ask now instead of later, when he’d most likely forget to ask.

Leyla let out an indecipherable sigh, and Matthias faintly noted how her knuckles turned white as she gripped her bicycle handles.

She seemed exceptionally smaller and younger today, and once more, silence befell them both once again, with Leyla content to stare at him.


Matthias greatly adored these moments with Leyla. He was most fond of these moments because they also gave him a great excuse to ogle and take in every bit of her features and memorize every crevice and reaction in her body and mannerisms.

From the way she talks, to how he predicted her thoughts would be, down to her eyelashes, her golden locks, kissable lips, and soft body…

He wanted more of her, even though he already had all of her. He wanted more of her kisses, more of her smile, more of her touch, her warmth, her scent on his sheets. He wanted to make sure as well everyone knew she was his.

And he wanted to hold her attention, her eyes, and her priority forever. Now that she was no longer looking as scared of him as she was before, he wanted to see more of that blushing cheeks, and hear more of her devotion to him.

She might often be lost in her thoughts, but he was lost in thoughts of her. And it made everything soft and beautiful in his bland life.

It was an exhilarating feeling indeed.

“Yes, I remember.” she softly told him, smiling prettily at him with those soft, kissable, plump lips of hers, “Can I say it to you now?” She asked him.

Leyla was sick to her stomach now that she was this close to him. Gone was the earned comfort she found around him as images of her uncle’s heartbroken face flashed through the back of her mind.

She still had a part to play after all. She needed to look alive, like she loved his attention on her.

“Tell me.” Matthias ordered her with no hesitation and Leyla tried her best not to smile derisively.

“Hmm, even if I tell it to you, do you really promise to give it to me?” She tilted her head up cutely at him. She tried to play coy with him, wanting to gouge out his reaction and drive the nail further in his heart when she disappeared from him forever.

“Of course I will.” Matthias promised her, his sharp eyes softening in response to her adoring request of him. “Anything you ask of me, shall be yours.” He swore to her, his confident grin turning into a soft smile…

He could faintly feel the pounding in his chest. What would she ask of him? He was very excited to know, as she looked up at him contentedly with her bright smile directed to him.

Evening might already be overhead, but with Leyla, everything was bright as day for him.

Leyla, on the other hand, felt so different from him.

She knew deep down, that no matter what she did, nothing would break this man in front of her. Even if she were to escape, it wouldn’t be enough to destroy him in the way she wanted him to be distraught.

He will still live his life, free of the guilt and hurt he had brought upon her life.

He will still become Claudine’s powerful husband.

But it didn’t stop her one bit from wishing she held his heart, so that she could break it for him.

“Love me…”

She whispered earnestly, looking up at him in a pleading manner. The wind around them began to pick up pace, while Matthias felt himself still with her words.

He looked down, and properly looked at her for the first time, beyond just the beauty he had been so mesmerized with, and felt himself get sucked in even further.

She looked positively radiant begging him like this, even as her golden locks fluttered in wisps with the wind.

“Please love me.”

She repeated, louder than before, pouring her most heartfelt wish in those words, giving him a watery smile.

“I need you to love me. I want you to love me.”

Something throbbed in his chest at her words, confusion filling his mind, though outwardly he remained unphased by her pleas.

Leyla looked up at him so expectantly, yet he was completely oblivious to the malicious intent behind those sweet, flowery words.

She desperately wished that when she finally left him, he’d be wounded so deeply, no amount of time would ever heal it.

‘Cry for me,’ She thought in her head, her wishes ringing loudly in the back of her mind, ‘Just this time, I want to know you cried because of me.’

The fading morning light bounced on their skins, the Duke’s fair skin painted a golden orange as he held his mistress’ gaze. Leyla could feel her tears begin to well up, but she’d gotten good at holding them back.

Only her red-rimmed eyes indicated she was being emotional as of the moment. She tried to hide it with an ever bright smile, but Matthias remained silent.

She thought back to her life before, her time with Kyle until how he finally parted from her for the last time, her first meeting with Uncle Bill, and his expletives and promises of bodily hurt when he found out she’d been whoring herself to the Duke…

Every good thing in her life had been destroyed without a second thought by this one man alone…


“Give me your love, for eternity…” She added wistfully with a sweet voice, holding up a hand to caress his cheeks lovingly.

This would be the last time she would ever touch him. The last time she would ever feel his warm skin beneath her palms…

It was time to say goodbye.

This would be her final farewell.



Finally, it was time to leave Arvis. Mark Evers had already gone ahead and opened up the car door for his master, but when the Duke came, he stopped right in front, before he could even get it.

He squirmed minutely in place, glancing nervously at his master, and back towards his fellow servants. Finally, he cleared his throat a few seconds after the Duke still stood in place, staring blankly into the empty backseat of his car.

“Master,” He called out softly, finally gaining the Duke’s attention as he immediately snapped his eyes towards him. Mark flinched in response, before bowing his head towards him. “I’m afraid time is of the essence, we must leave now, to get to the Capital in time.” He politely explained.

Matthias looked outwardly calm, yet his mind was running nonstop, replaying his mistress’ words over and over again. Something was unsettled in his gut, and he wasn’t certain why it was. Only that something was amiss.

“Very well,” he coolly replied, seemingly still lost in his thoughts, before letting out a resigned sigh, “Let’s leave.” He ordered, and swiftly got in his car seat, letting Mark close the door after him.

They arrived rather quickly, the driver expertly weaving through the traffic and into the train station to not miss their departure. Immediately, the chauffeur came around to the Duke’s side, and opened up his door.

Matthias pristinely slid out of his seat and began walking towards the train, as his servants trailed after him, carrying his luggage. The train station was rather crowded at the moment, but at least no pedestrians were standing in the way of the Duke as he waited for the train to come around in the front of the platform.

Once the train rolled to a stop in front of them, and unloaded its current passengers, Matthias wasted no time in climbing aboard, followed dutifully by his attendants. He was seated comfortably, while the others sat a few seats down, but still close enough to make sure he had everything he needed.

Once the last passenger had climbed aboard, the train let out a sharp whistle, and thrummed with low vibrations as it started to leave. Chatter filled around Matthias, but he saw little reason listening in, and stared out of his window instead.


He watched as the train rolled out of the station, the buildings blurring in front of him, and every face of every person he could see. It was a sight he’d seen so many times now, it had gotten dull so long ago.

This was only a short trip, after all. It was just a week, and not for anything special, despite what the empire wanted to make it so.

Settling in comfortably in his plush seat, Matthias let out a low sigh and fluttered his eyes shut. Once he did, a pleasant face surfaced in the forefront of his thoughts, letting him hum comfortably in peace.

Her green eyes reminded him wonderfully of evergreen leaves in the morning dew. How beautiful.

But what did it mean to love?

What an odd request, he couldn’t wrap his mind around it. How should he love her?

They already shared a bed, seen each other in their bare bodies, and utter vulnerability. He’d gifted her the things she desired and more, and she’d welcome his advances in return.

How else was he supposed to love her?

He hadn’t answered her back then, because he didn’t see a difference in what they had been doing to what he knew love to be. Her earnest wish for him to love her, left him completely baffled.

Though it seemed time had stretched between them in silence, it lasted only for a short while, before his attention was brought back to the present and to his urgent schedule by his attendant, who had interrupted their moment.

He had glanced back at her one last time, looking at those emerald orbs that seemed to glisten in sadness as he turned away from her. He might have been wishfully thinking about that last bit, but he classified it as something to think about later.

And that’s when the feeling of something amiss had begun. He’d left her behind for his trips before, yet something in his gut was churning uncomfortably, the wrongness of their latest encounter bugging him to no end.

But even though it felt like his feet were being swept up beneath him, her last pretty smile to him made everything feel like he was floating instead. It was with her, he could feel he had wings.

She was his damnation, but she was also his salvation.

His eyes fluttered open once more, and focused back on the passing buildings outside his window, before it was engulfed in pure darkness as they passed through a tunnel. Leyla was still firmly in his mind, more prominent now in the darkness, as she was the only thing lighting his way.

She hadn’t held onto him once they’d been interrupted. Instead, she let out a nervous laughter and stepped back to give some ample space between them.


And he got in his car without further adieu, watching the rearview mirror as she stood in place, watching him leave her, until she was no longer within his sight.

He’d looked back several times once she did. Craning his neck around to catch more glimpses at her, resolutely ignoring the stares of his attendant and chauffeur. The creeping feeling of him leaving behind something important grew with the distance between them.

Once more, he pushed thoughts of those back in his mind and focused on the landscape that had returned to view outside.

Leyla would be there when he returned anyway.



The feeling persisted, as did the thoughts that kept arising even as he tried to bury it for later thoughts of her. In no time, he’d finally arrived in Ratz. And his attendants came bustling around him, preparing him for the royal banquet and he only stood there and waited for them to finish their tasks.

And then the night was over, and a new day rose again, and he went on to do the tasks he intended to finish earlier to spend more time with his mistress.

He suddenly felt the urge to look back once more, irrational as it was. He knew he wouldn’t see Leyla behind him, no matter how hard he looked. Leyla was firmly in Arvis, and would remain there until he moved her to their mansion in Ratz.

Still, every passing glance at a blonde woman, he wished them desperately to be Leyla. The more he thought of her, the more clearly he could see her in every single thing in Ratz.

Even the clear memory of her bright smile gave him a jittery feeling. It made everything brighter in this night of frenzy and socialites. How pathetic of him to think that.

Once he was done being prepared, automatically he came towards his large window, and drew the curtains open, before belatedly realizing this wasn’t Arvis. He was already in his mansion in Ratz.

It didn’t matter, he told himself placatingly. Leyla would soon come to live with him here, and here, they would be free to be with one another as they wished.

Did everything really come to him as easily as she said it did? He never thought about it before.

Perhaps she was right in that regard. But was it his fault he was born with a silver spoon? It wasn’t also his fault that people loved giving him things he wanted at a moment’s notice. It was also why he’d never felt threatened by anyone.

He could make anything he wanted happen with his own will and power.


And then the image of her falling down the road, her bike being upturned, and its wheels spinning uncontrollably on the side of the road came to mind. He felt his heart quickening painfully in his chest at the sight of it, he barely noticed the rustling leaves around them…

Was everything really so easy for him?

She wasn’t easily attained by him after all.

With a sigh, Matthias turned around, and leaned back against the windowsill in deep thought.

The Brandt family would be coming around to visit them in Ratz. He had no doubt it would be to discuss details on his upcoming nuptials further. It would be what he would do, so this was a beautiful opportunity.

After all, he would be married soon, so further discussions with them would also soon come to an end.

Less things to worry about.

It’s nothing to do with Leyla, his marriage. It was just something he needed to do. After all, it was the proper path for him, a path he knew he would take one day.

But should it even come to fruition?

Just before a slew of unwarranted questions would come spilling out of his thoughts, a sudden knock jolted him out of his thoughts. He turned to his door, and in came a maid informing him of Count Brandt and his family’s arrival.

They’d come earlier than intended. Matthias hummed in acknowledgement, before turning away.

Shortly after, he exited his chambers, and came to greet his fiance and soon-to-be-in-laws.

Claudine was as radiant as ever, wearing the latest spring fashion. She looked as fresh as a newly bloomed flower. Even the Duke’s nearby maids couldn’t help but be enraptured by her pleasantly.

He’d also heard that Claudine performed well last night, she was the most desirable lady in attendance. Truly befitting for the next in line Duchess Herhardt. She even beat the Empress’ daughter, who’d also tried to offer him her hand in marriage.

But being noble-born, Matthias expected her to do well on such occasions. So it wasn’t as awe-inspiring as it sounded to him, even if the Empress acknowledged her superiority amongst the others.

Really, the only thing left for them to do was get married officially. It was something both families worked hard to ensure for many years. And one that would ensure that the next generation of Herhardts would grow into more power, and the glory of their family would continue to hold long after they’re gone.

“Oh, Duke Herhardt, I’m very pleased you’re finally here!” Greeted Claudine with a beaming smile, immediately standing up to greet him politely. Matthias only nodded politely towards her in response, languidly approaching them and smiled at his other guests.


Claudine bitterly thought that while he’d been dutiful to her last night, staying by her side, and escorting her wherever and whenever they were needed to, she could tell he wasn’t really paying attention at all to anyone.

Even as he looked at her, he didn’t seem to find her worthy of any thought at all.

“Would you all care to join me for a walk in the gardens?” He immediately asked Claudine, wasting no time for niceties.

Everyone was taken aback by the sudden request, as they all looked at him in confusion, and half with apprehension. It was a very odd request, especially as he’d never done this before.

Any time they were meeting up, it was always with visiting families, and attendants. He’d never once initiated contact, completely content the Brandt family would be the one seeking him out if they ever need anything done.

“Y-you mean, just us? The two of us?” Claudine asked for clarification, and Matthias nodded promptly.

“Yes, my Lady. I wish to speak to you about something.” He told her, his tone indicating he won’t have any qualms telling her anyway even if she were to deny an opportunity for any privacy.

It irked Claudine very much that she could tell just who he’d been thinking about before the odd request even as he talked to her.

The least he could do was marry her first, before bringing up the subject of his mistress.

Unfortunately for many of them, before Claudine could even give him a response, a servant came hollering, calling out loudly for their master’s attention. They rushed in without any preamble, all frazzled and panicked and also…

Terrified.

“Master!” It was Matthias’ attendant.

Elysee frowned in displeasure, immediately shooting up to her feet in indignation!

“Have you no manners?! We’re in the presence of our guests! You would do well to make no commotion unless it’s a life and death situation!” She immediately scolded, and the attendant blushed furiously in embarrassment at being openly berated.

Matthias assessed him momentarily, before that uncomfortable churn returned in his gut. His entire frame tensed in anticipation, completely ignoring his mother and went past her to regain his servant’s attention.

“What happened?” He asked harshly, and the attendant’s eyes locked on his before the fear returned to him.


Now everyone was eager to hear what was happening and watched as the attendant gulped down nervously, and bowed his head deeply in front of them.

“We had received an urgent call from Arvis, my Lord.” He finally said.








Chapter 111.




In the End, That’s All.







Everything had come to a standstill after that, and Matthias took a deep breath, unknowingly glaring at his attendant for whatever unpleasant news he was about to impart.

Matthias could feel the uncomfortable churning growing in his gut, and wondered if this was it? This was what’s been bothering him since he left Arvis.

“What call? What happened?” He immediately demanded, while Evers stammered through his words, “Just say it, Evers!” He commanded impatiently, and the man flinched at his raised tone, and bowed his head even further, but spoke in a clear and loud voice.

“They had just discovered that Bill Remmer, and Leyla Lewellin had gone missing in Arvis,” He began, “It seemed both of them had run away, my Lord.”

Silence came after his words; you could hear a pin drop with the tension in the room.

Meanwhile, hidden from Matthias’ view, Claudine made a herculean effort not to show the pleasing smile threatening to reveal itself from hearing the news. Claudine stared at Matthias’ back, who remained unmoving.

“No one realized it, until they stopped by their cabin, and found they were gone along with some of their belongings. It seemed they’d left sometime last night.” Evers regrettably finished.

“What an ingrate!” suddenly exclaimed by Elysee after a few more moments of silence, “After all we’ve done for them-!” her words were cut off abruptly when she realized the funny looks the Brandts were giving them, and felt embarrassed.


To have a servant run away from you! That was utterly embarrassing! She thought of the nasty rumors this would incur! Elysee was no stranger in using rumors to undermine a powerful family.

This could be the beginning of many conspiracies against them!

“Oh how awful of them to do so, for sure, Duchess Elysee!” Claudine quickly joined in, to show support for her soon-to-be-mother-in-law, “What could have possessed them to do such an insult to your great family!?”

She looked convincingly worried at her fiance, her body shaking with what they perceived to be hidden rage…

But it was hidden excitement instead.

So her letter had arrived safely in the old gardener’s hand. She hadn’t been sure how it had gone, but fortunately it went better than she expected!

“This seemed to be more urgent, my Duke,” Claudine began, looking at him, and then to their companions, “We must postpone discussions of our wedding, and let the Herhardts settle their affairs before imposing on them.” She told her parents.

‘Well done, Leyla,’ Claudine praised in her mind, ‘I couldn’t have asked for a better performance!’

Claudine looked back at the Duke, and took note of his prolonged silence. While the two duchesses were hurt and confused by these sudden actions, Matthias remained outwardly indifferent to the news…

But Claudine could feel it in the air.

Finally, she had caused something to affect the great and powerful Duke of Arvis. She couldn’t help but excitedly think about what he would do next? To what actions would he limit himself to?

How far would he go for her?

“It seems I must apologize,” Matthias interrupted the furious chatter and turned to them, looking positively unaffected, “I seemed to have overlooked a few matters in regards to our own household. I hope you’ll understand my absence.” He informed them.

To anyone else there, he was unshaken by the news, but Claudine had seen his hands shake as he fixed the buttons on his coat. And she mentally applauded Leyla for a job well done indeed!

She might even be more inclined to forgive Leyla for the humiliation she’d experienced with their affair.

At last, this untouchable man that would be her husband, had something taken from him. At last, he now knew the pain of not getting what he wanted most of all.

What a fitting end to the story of the Duke and his favored peasant.






They had crossed borders way into the night. As Leyla looked outside her window, she could see the fading outline of scenic views. Despite the darkness blanketing the outside landscapes, she could see it vividly.

It was so reminiscent of the times she boarded the train by herself in her youth. It had been a strange feeling then, going into a peculiar company all alone by train.

Just as she did back then, she sucked in a deep breath, holding it in as long as she could, before releasing it slowly outside her airways in an attempt to calm down her beating heart.

When the train passed through another tunnel, for a split second, she saw herself again, but not her current self, but the lost little girl she remembered seeing back then as she rode into Arvis.

Once the train completely passed the tunnel, and back into open air, her reflection reverted back to her current image.

She couldn’t help but chuckle mirthlessly to herself. That wide-eyed look on her face in her youth was replaced by a haunted look by a war veteran.

But Leyla was no soldier, nor a veteran. She was simply tired, and numb.

Something in her felt empty in leaving Arvis just like this.

“Focus on me, Leyla.” she faintly heard, “That’s a good girl.” Her uncle cooed comfortingly at her. She looked at him with a mix of surprise and confusion. She had thought he’d been asleep.

A warm, and coarse cloth came to dab gently on her cheeks. Had she been crying?

“We’ve still a long journey ahead of us, but I guess you’d know it better than I.” He smiled at her sadly, “It is after all, your hometown.” He finished softly.

Leyla’s eyes widened, before she smiled at him gratefully. She could see he was exhausted by their quick escape from Arvis, yet still, here he was, making sure she was okay.

But at least, boarding the train didn’t leave her with a deafening silence. It helped in drowning her thoughts out by the loud hollering of the train’s chimneys, the rattling wheels beneath them, and other snoring and well-rested passengers.

Uncle Bill helped her adjust her blanket comfily around her shoulders, lightly tapping her rhythmically as she nestled in her seat, before closing her eyes. She could hear him quietly humming a soothing lullaby he used to sing to her when she’d wake up with nightmares…

She wanted this moment to last.


When he’d first brought up going to Lovita, Leyla had doubted he would go through with the plan. But he moved quicker than she anticipated, and suddenly, they were both ready to leave.

She didn’t expect to leave so quickly.

When night fell on Arvis, he immediately carted her around, bringing a sparse number of their belongings and snuck out in the cover of darkness, away from prying eyes. Leyla only brought with her the meager savings she put aside, before they were off to a train, with a bag of their things and the clothes on their back.

He’d explained to her quietly on the way about his distant relative. They lived in the southern end of Lovita, and while they only shared a name between them, they had been willing to help them keep a low profile, and settle down eventually.

Even the stinging in her chest felt a little muted at that.

“I’m sorry, uncle.” Leyla apologized, finding no sleep despite knowing Arvis was miles away, and she had nothing left to care for in it. She looked at her uncle in the eyes, and felt a familiar sting growing in her eyes, but her expression remained blank…

“If I hadn’t come to Arvis…”

“Hush now,” Bill interrupted quietly, patting her by the shoulder rhythmically still, and tucked her further into the nook of his neck, half cradling her torso like he would a small child. “I don’t want to hear those words, not from you, most of all.” Her uncle continued to tell her.

His eyes held a scary determination, but there was an abundant love and care for her underneath it all.

“It was with you, I found a new meaning to my life, a new purpose. So don’t say sorry,” he uncle reassured her, “For I’m not sorry having met the most precious person in my life.” He smiled at her, and patted her on the head placatingly.

Unlike the Duke’s, her uncle’s touch didn’t send uncomfortable tingles all over her body, but a rush of warmth and security. She could feel the honesty in his words.

He didn’t regret having her in his life.

Because before he had been in charge of Leyla, Bill had been content in his mediocre lifestyle. Only ever going through the motions of his chores and work, idle chatter with his companions here and there…

But once the child came around, he never realized just how dull his life had been before. It had been peaceful before she came around, and his life got harder trying to support him and a growing girl’s needs…

But he wouldn’t trade any of it for the world. Not when he’d experienced a surreal sense of fulfillment and purpose in taking care of her all these years. Not when he realized how wonderful it was, to help rear something wonderful into the world…


“So don’t worry about anything more, my dear,” He whispered against the head of hair tucked beneath his chin, “We’ll get through this, together, as we always do.” He planted a reassuring kiss on the top of her head, before meeting her eyes.

Leyla felt her eyes water, at the pure affection she could see in her uncle’s eyes. She might be crying, but for the first time, in a long time, a comforting warmth was beginning to seep through her heart…

Spreading out in a safe blanket all around her.

They would be fine. She had to believe that. They were still together after all.

The night fell deeper around them, and soon, Leyla could feel the sleep calling out to her like a warm embrace. Uncle Bill had fallen asleep not long after he reassured her, but Leyla stayed awake a little longer, still basking in its peacefulness.

She untucked herself from the thick blanket, opening up a side, and laying it over her uncle’s shoulders as well, sharing the blanket between the two of them. She snuggled back in his half embrace and tucked herself comfortably by the crook of his neck, half laying on his shoulder.

And when she closed her eyes, she promised never to look back again.








They had escaped through the night. That was the only explanation anyone could come up with ever since they discovered the missing esteemed gardener of Arvis and his foster daughter.

“Have you gone by the school?” Hessen urgently inquired as soon as Mark Evers entered the butler’s small office space. His subordinate’s expression was grim and serious, before nodding in response.

“I spoke with the principal,” Mark began, “But even she had been shocked to hear Ms. Lewellin’s disappearance. Aside from Leyla resigning from her post, for the next school year, she doesn’t know anything else.” He finished.

“That’s unfortunate,” Hessen hummed, “And what about Mr. Remmer’s relatives? Anyone he could be visiting?”

“No,” Mark shook his head despondently, “His brother, his last living relative, passed away roughly two years ago. No one else has been listed as his relative, nor anyone he could be affiliated with outside of Arvis.”

“This is a mess.” Hessen sighed, rubbing his temples in a way to stave off an impending headache.


When they’d given word of the two’s disappearance, he half expected how quickly the Duke of Arvis returned. He just hadn’t anticipated he would be arriving within the night, ready and geared in to launch a full-blown hunt and investigation as to where they could have gone.

“Find them.”

Those were his master’s words. And while relayed calmly and in a monotone voice, Hessen could see the hidden threat behind his master’s eyes if they were to fail in this task.

It sent shivers down the seasoned butler’s spine.

He half wished their master would openly lash out instead. At least it would be simpler to clean up broken furniture or things, and replace them, than trying to appease the hidden dragon he knows is threatening to burst within his master.

Even now, the Duke of Arvis remained cool and unphased, but Hessen could feel how different, and much colder he’d become.

“But the Duke seemed to have calmed down by now, perhaps he’d finally given up?” Mark asked him rather hopefully, but before Hessen could even respond, the bell rang sharply in the butler’s office…

The Duke was summoning him.








Matthias woke up normally the days after Leyla disappeared. He went on as he normally would even when she had been around. Still the picture-perfect Duke of Arvis.

He’d gotten up early as he normally did, read the morning paper as usual, and ate his simple, yet expertly cooked and planned breakfast. After that, he got ready for work, and wasted not a second more.

He went on receiving reports and meeting with prominent business partners. He’d met with concerned directors, and offered expert solutions. He even attended afternoon meetings promptly, and finished them satisfactorily to his standards.

There had also been added concerns of nearby disputes by country borders, and he’d sat back and watched those meetings as well, but he hardly felt the need to participate. It was all very trivial to him, nothing purposeful.

The Herhardt house will still prevail either way, despite the logical reasoning stemming from both sides of the disgruntled parties. He quietly chuckled in amusement at their squabbling.


How very pathetic they all were. He hardly cared if anyone noticed his less-than-ideal behavior. They didn’t matter to him at all.

He could feel their confused stares on him, but they didn’t matter to him either.

None of them ever did, and it made him burst into a rude laughter in the midst of the meeting, effectively cutting off the argument, as they all stared at him in a mix of confusion, apprehension and offense.

His laughter died down eventually, and Matthias smiled at them.

“I apologize, do continue.”

And they spared him some last glances, and resumed their talks. Matthias might have acted as a liaison to both sides, and helped them reach a compromise, but it was hardly a noticeable feat.

The answer had always been in front of them, they’d just been too blinded by their own agendas, they hardly reached the correct conclusion.

All in all, it had been a family business that expanded so rapidly, that eventually their management methods for each expansion began to deviate from the original system. Which eventually led to many inconsistencies, and mismanagement, but Matthias quickly directed them to which was proper and more effective.

And after that, he went to a dinner meeting. While he found it relaxing being around familiar faces, and slipped in easily to his usual role as the lead conversationalist, it wasn’t a memorable night.

He’d had many of those nights already. Just another easy day for him. So quiet and perfect.

How boring.

“We’re very sorry, my Lord.” Hessen apologized as soon as he arrived, bowing deeply at his side.

Ah, that’s right. He’d summoned his butler for their recent progress. How disappointing their performance has been lately.

So far, they’ve told them they left in the middle of the night, and with no leads as to where. They neither had colleagues outside of Arvis, or any living relatives remaining. No connections leading to where they could have run off to.

“Find them.” He reiterated, still looking serenely into his fireplace. He shouldn’t have had to repeat them in the first place.

“But, my Lord-” Hessen began after a tense moment of silence, but Matthias wasn’t interested in hearing their failure.


“It’s simply impossible for anyone to disappear without a single trace,” He abruptly interrupted his butler, “They have more relatives than the ones in their direct line, I assure you.” He pointed out, before leaning back in his wing chair and closed his eyes.

“Use whatever means you need to. Just find them.” He finished.

Hessen remained standing in place, observing his master a little while longer. Outwardly, the Duke was calm, and hardly affected by this news. But he’d been serving the young Duke almost all his life, he could pick up the way his jaw had grown sharper…

His cheeks are hollower than before. And the tenseness in his frame, even as he feigned relaxation…

“As you wish, my Lord.” Hessen finally responded, bowing down once again, before quietly making his exit.

Matthias took a deep breath, sinking further into the plush cushion of his wing chair. He hadn’t bothered getting out of his suit, he was rather comfortable even. And then a beautiful face flashed in the back of his mind, and he let out an amused laugh at the ridiculousness of it all.

“Well played, my little bird,” He chuckled in amusement with himself, “I fell right in your trap!” he praised, smiling maniacally.

It all clicked right then and there, when he’d heard they had disappeared, why he’d been so unsettled. It was because of this. Always, his little bird always had tricks up her sleeves.

He expected her to be up to something, but not of this. He never thought she would escape him.

What a truly delightful being. He’d never grow bored of her now!

And to think she begged him to love her. Ah, she really was driving him crazy, wasn’t she? Ah well…

He’ll see her soon. Yes…

He’ll have her within his arms again soon. And she won’t ever leave him again.

Slowly, his eyes opened up, and he rose to his feet. Smoothly, he began discarding his clothes, replaying in the back of his mind how Leyla’s deft fingers would undress him boldly as she stood bare-naked in front of him…

He went to shower, images of their entangled bodies replayed with every sliding droplet down his skin…

Once he was done, he then went to bed.

The next day, his routine began once again. And when he walked out of his doorway, he felt…

Nothing.

No peace, no agitation…

Just plain… nothing.

He knew he wasn’t fine with Leyla being gone, but it also wasn’t unbearable. He will see her again, and have her again…

But if she really were to be gone from him forever…

He won’t let that happen. He doesn’t know what would happen to him if she was forever gone from him. He chuckled to himself once more, but it was devoid of any emotion at all.

Belatedly he could feel the lingering stared of his servants, but they didn’t matter to him either.

He settled down in the back seat of his car as Hessen promptly closed the door once he’d been settled. He continued laughing to himself, ignoring the worried and questioning glances they were all giving him…

Let them think he was crazy. They didn’t matter to him.

In the end, this was only temporary.

As the car rolled down, and Matthias watched the scenic route outside with a serene smile, he laughed once again.

Ah, how beautiful the greenery was. It reminded him of her eyes.

What a funny thing all this was.


Chapter 112.




If.







Memories were triggered in unexpected places.

For this instance, what triggered him was the group of girls passing through the street, which he happened to see outside his car window. When he looked at them, he didn’t really see them.

But he did see Leyla instead, wearing the same uniform they did. She once wore the same ones two years ago, when he saw her fall as she rode her bike.

The uniform was a plain blue dress, with an overall of a white, short-sleeved blouse. Its sleeves were thick, but cool enough to not be suffocating in the warm summer season.

Each grade level wore a different type of ribbon around their neck. For this instance, this group of girls wore white ribbons. Leyla had worn red.

Matthias praised himself for remembering every detail of Leyla so vividly. What an impressive feat.

He was fortunate the roads were not blocked today, the traffic flowed smoothly outside as he settled in nicely in the backseat, and they soon moved away from the group of girls he’d just seen.

He thought he’d be better at ignoring thoughts of her over time, but his control flew out the window once more, as he impulsively barked out a command for the car to stop.

He’d just seen a group of birds fly off a branch on one of the trees down the Platanus road.

Did Leyla tell him how she loved birds because they were always there with her? He knew roughly the feeling. The birds were always there around him, anytime, and anywhere he’d looked, one form or another of a bird would be there.

And suddenly, he noticed more and more of these birds…

And it grew unbearable for Matthias to keep seeing them around him. His chauffeur looked befuddled by his sudden request, and hastily called out to him when he parked to a stop on the side of the road…

But Matthias was already out, ready to take a walk alone on the road.


“Go back to Arvis, I’ll walk the rest of the way from here.” He swiftly replied and shut the door behind him, even as he heard the tail end of the chauffeur’s concern…

“But master, your meeting with Count Klein-”

Matthias was off, and not a single thing mattered to him.



When the news of Leyla had reached Kyle Etman’s circle, he remembered it had also been around the time when the scent of roses permeated the air prominently.

It was timed perfectly around the time he knew Leyla’s birthday would be. It was a bittersweet reminder to him. This was Leyla’s favorite season of the year. Mostly because her favorite flower would be in full bloom.

And so he’d busied himself with his studies, cramming into his brain every bit of subject requirements and lessons to drown out the horrifying memory of his last memory of her.

He’d gotten into the habit of hiding out in the library during his spare hours, only leaving to go back to the dorms, his classes, or when his group of friends summons him out. On and on, this went unchanged…

Until a random group of his schoolmates came across him in the library.

“Kyle!” called out one of them. It was the magistrate’s son. He’d been estranged from him since he’d been in his hometown; they’d been close before too.

Now, they only greet each other when they pass by each other.

“Oh right,” he suddenly interjected, “You won’t do as she did, won’t you?” he asked Kyle immediately, and the medical student frowned in confusion.

Do as who? He had no inkling of what happened outside school lately, nor did he feel the need to know about it.

“I apologize,” He began, still frowning in confusion, “But what are you talking about?”

“You know, like Leyla Lewellin?”

The frown deepened between Kyle’s brows. Something tight gripped in his chest at the mention of her name.

Has something happened to Leyla? Something akin to fear was brewing in his chest for her…

“What about Leyla?” He asked softly, but the worry was clear in his tone. It was at this moment, his estranged friend frowned in confusion as well.

“Are you saying you don’t know?”

“Know about what?” He asked, more urgently this time, “What happened?”

Pity soon came into the magistrate’s son’s eyes as he looked at Kyle.

“Oh,” he thought regretfully, “I’m sorry to have to tell you this, but…” he trailed off, deciding how best to break the upsetting news to Kyle, “Word on the street was that the gardener from Arvis, and his foster daughter, Leyla Lewellin had ran away.”

Kyle’s eyes widened

“It happened just recently.” He added, while Kyle continued to look at him with a slacked expression…

“You really didn’t know?” He asked again, and Kyle’s eyes lowered to the ground in disbelief. “I, I’m really sorry you have to know it like this.” He eventually amended, perceiving Kyle’s expression to be a mix of disbelief and distress.

Most of the students attending Carlsbar’s college had known Kyle and Leyla had been set to marry one another. It was a fairytale love story for most of them. With Kyle being a prestigious doctor’s heir, and Leyla a lowly orphan girl trying to make a name for herself…

They’d gotten along swimmingly since they’d been children, and everyone had been rather devastated to hear their engagement had been broken off. It had been all anyone’s been talking about for a while.

Just as his colleague was about to leave him, an iron grip grabbed him by the shoulders, and he jolted around to look at Kyle in surprise.

“Wait, just wait…” Kyle told him, the plea coming out through gritted teeth as Kyle tried to reign in his swirling emotions, “Tell me everything you know.” He begged, and so his old friend did.

Later that afternoon, when Kyle was finally left on his own devices, he stood out in the warm afternoon spring glow, but his pallor was as pale as though he was still standing in that cold winter night…

“Leyla, what happened to you and Uncle Bill?” He whispered off into the wind, “Please, I need to know.” He finished, knowing his words would disappear into the wind.



The sound of rustling leaves drifted in and out of the Platanus road alongside the spring breeze. Matthias remained observing of this matter, as he contemplated how unchanged his days had been lately.

And then another thought came unbidden to him, a thought he’d been surprised to know he even remembered such a thing.

But when exactly did such a day occur? He couldn’t recall specifically.


It had been around winter though, the last of the leaves were just about to fall from where he’d been standing. He’d walked alongside her too, down this road, completely enamored by her presence.

She was the sole focal point in everything he did. She was like the road he stood on, leading him to his righteous path.

But she wasn’t, was she? Perhaps she’d been the wind all along, drifting in and out of him, but something he wanted around all the time.

He stood still, his steps halting in the middle of the pavement. This was the place.

This was where he last saw her standing. Looking all pretty, as though she’d been waiting for him to see her. And he’d always come for her.

His breathing came out in ragged breaths as he closed his eyes, conjuring her in front of him. His hands slowly shook as he imagined having her back in his arms…

To taste her lips, and devour her body as his…

The wind picked up around him.

He never wanted to let her go.

And the wind picked up, as if to give him its approval that he was right in feeling that way. What a lovely wind it was.

This wind had been blowing around him, breezing past his skin like the ghost of her kisses. It bent and floated the leaves that reminded him of her eyes relentlessly.

It was like he’d been trapped in a never-ending dream, where all that mattered was him and Leyla. And he began walking home once again, retracing every step Leyla took home.

A bird flapped its wings, a short distance away from him. He watched as it fluttered in the air, riding the wind before his eyes spotted the mansion’s door, still quite the distance away.

Matthias continued his leisurely walk, closer and closer to the mansion he got. He reached up his neck, and loosed up his tie, and popped open the button at the top of his dress shirt.

How stifling they were.

But despite that, he smiled to himself, walking down the road of Arvis. He turned down the main road, where Arvis opened up, revealing its beautiful gardens to him. And just past the garden, was the forest.

And beyond that forest, was Leyla’s dominion. He took note of every sway the branches made, every shift in the shadows…

There was a pang of longing in him, something he perceived to be for that ruined perfect life he had. But it also seemed like he’d only begun to truly live when the longing began as well.


Every step towards his mansion, it was almost like he was taking a step back in time instead, the further and further back he got in his memory, the closer he got to his mansion…

And then in the back of his mind, he heard it. And Matthias turned around to look behind him…

It was that familiar sound of a bicycle, and Leyla had ridden it just past him. The sunbeams framed her beauty perfectly, making her outshine everything around her.

He watched as little Leyla fell, her bike toppling downwards alongside her, making her eyes widen in surprise. She’d just fallen, and her wheels kept turning despite it not moving an inch.

A loud thumping sound, like a heartbeat, echoed in Matthias’ ears. He could only stare at her fallen form on the ground. And then she looked up, and it was the brightest set of eyes he had ever seen.

She was beautiful as a child, too.

“Leyla.” He called out her name softly, her small, plush lips parting in surprise at him calling for her. And then her figure shifted…

The little girl was gone, and now the woman was in front of him, looking up with a beautiful smile. He offered her a gentlemanly aid, and she took it with a second of hesitation before smiling graciously at him as he saved her.

If he’d done that in the beginning instead of walking all over her precious things, would she still run away from him?

But those thoughts didn’t matter now, and Matthias resumed walking with a quickened pace.

Further down the road he walked, deeper into the forest he went, swerving through the mud and the dead plants until he reached his perceived destination.

“Leyla…” he called out again, wanting to conjure up her presence with enough will.

Maybe she’ll end up in front of him this time.

His quickened pace evolved into a sprint, her name slipping from his lips occasionally, until he saw it…

The weeds have been overgrown after some time of neglect. And the place looked gloomier than when she’d still been living in it. The ghost of Leyla’s face peeking out her window flashed in front of him, before he’s reminded of how desolate the cabin lately had been.

If he’d helped her in the beginning, would she still be here? Would she hold his hand willingly, showing off his claim on her for everyone to see?

They had walked through this forest together multiple times before. Down the river they stood beside one another, even in the middle of the day. And then she would laugh, play along with his jokes and teasing…

And he’d pamper her, spoil her with worldly gifts everyone would die to have.

And then she’d let him in on her life, sharing stories of her day with him, and he’d listen to her voice. They were music to his ears, every sound she made, and he’d make her sing praises for him well into the night!

And he’d forever keep her with him, where he can see and have her to himself. Like his canary, which he’d cut its wings and kept comfortably in an exquisite cage.

The wind picked up again, making the rustle of the leaves grow louder. He looked up at the sky, eyes fluttering closed as he took in the warmth of the sun against his skin…

It was too bright for him, he couldn’t stand it.

He kept walking, kept moving forward as the panging in his chest grew and grew, like a snowball of regret rolling downhill and getting bigger and bigger…

Ah, he just remembered his marriage was just around the corner. Come summer, he’d be a married man. But when he’d imagined his bride and lifted her veil, he could only see a shy emerald gaze, looking shyly at him.

And then she’d blush at the sight of him, a dust of pink painting her cheeks.

And her name would be Leyla, and she would smile beautifully at him as she stared deeply into his eyes, and hold her chin high up as she’d declare herself as his.

Matthias’ hurried pace began to gradually slow down, and that metaphorical snowball kept growing and growing instead, spiraling faster and faster!

Summer would come again, and he’d walk alongside the riverbank, with Leyla in his arms. And then the next summer would come…

And then a blonde kid would appear resting beneath a tree, calling him her father, her eyes twinkling like Leyla’s at the sight of him…

And he’d gather her up in his arm, and let her fly, before catching her in his arms again. And Leyla would be there, just a few paces away, her smile matching her daughter’s as she watched them have fun.

He wanted her like that. But Leyla chose to run away instead.

Something wet trailed down his cheeks. And Matthias frowned. Was it raining?

He looked up, and the sky was clear, free from any storm clouds. The droplets kept going, and that’s when he realized they were from his eyes, and not the sky as he’d initially thought.

Absent-mindedly, he brought a hand up to touch his cheeks, and stared at the wet patch on his fingers afterwards.


Wishful thinking had no value in his life. So is crying. They’re both ephemeral and meaningless in the progress of time.

Sunlight filtered through the gaps between the leaves, giving a rain of sunbeams within the thickened forests as Matthias trudged forward, his gait significantly calmer than he did when he’d walked in the forest.

His eyes fluttered closed once more, ignoring the gradual loss of wetness in his eyes, his heart feeling lighter and empty at the same time…

And then the downhill spiral of his thoughts stopped, just as Matthias exhausted his own memories of Leyla.

Even the wind had left him as soon as his steps stopped in front of the poorly kept cabin in his memories.

“Do you regret any of it? Even a little of it?”

Leyla’s voice echoed in the back of his mind.

And yet in his mind and his heart, his answer remained the same, even now.

“No.” Matthias grinned manically to himself, repeating his answer into nothingness as he answered her question in his mind once again.

“I’ve never regretted it, Leyla.”

He’d never regret anything. Not when it came to Leyla. And that was his absolute truth.

Turning back time was impossible, and thus dwelling on the what-could-have-been was a pointless endeavor. As long as he and Leyla remained as they always were, that would be all that mattered to him, and nothing more than that.

As long as they remained the same people they were in the beginning, his longing and desire for her would forever remain. Even if it meant Leyla would run away from him in the end, just as she did now, he wouldn’t change anything he’d done to have her.

And so now, he really did not regret anything he did for her.

His hands shook with his reasoning, a tightening in his chest making him uncomfortable. Matthias popped open another button, and harshly yanked the tie off his neck before straightening out his suit.

His wetted cheeks and lashes had been dried by the wind shortly before, leaving no traces of his deep thoughts for anyone else but him to see. Matthias’ pale pallor was back to his fair white complexion, with a subtle fatigue reflected in his dark blue irises.

The sun was setting in the horizon. It was time to return.


And without further adieu, Matthias turned on his heels, and headed towards the general direction of the mansion, fully knowing Hessen would be eagerly waiting for his arrival.

As predicted, his loyal butler had immediately raced down the steps of the mansion upon sight of his master. He’d rushed to greet the duke, fretting over his well-being, but Matthias had business to attend to shortly now.

“My Lord-!”

“Has Count Klein arrived already?” he asked, swiftly cutting off Hessen in his further line of questioning.

The butler’s lips snapped shut, before he bowed respectfully in acquiescence.

“Yes, my Lord. He’s currently waiting in the office, on the third floor.”

One of the many things Matthias was comfortable with the butler was how quickly he picked up on his better’s moods. It’s been half an hour past since they were supposed to begin, and would normally be considered an utter disrespect to the party doing the waiting but…

Matthias had deemed it to be a minor slight in his reputation. After all, he was meeting with a competitor who once made him wait an hour into their previous meeting.

Hessen led him to the office, while simultaneously remaking his master’s appearance to something respectfully presentable once more. Matthias continued his pace, and waited for Hessen to open the door to the office, before striding in confidently, with his head held high and unbothered.

He was still the Duke of Arvis, Duke Matthias von Herhardt. He was, always will be, the perfect image of what a respectable Lord is. It had to be.


Chapter 113.




A bird That Doesn’t Sing.







‘One, two, three, four…’ Leyla counted in her mind as she walked calmly on the fourth alley and headed towards the square. She’d just come from the bell tower, and since she’d found the place unfamiliar, it was expected for her to get lost for a few or more turns in the new territory she found herself in.

After reaching the square, she finally managed to find her way back to their new home without spacing out and getting lost again.

Once arriving at their destination, Uncle Bill’s very distant relative had endorsed them to a residential building, with a free space on its second floor. The space was narrower than the one they had in Arvis, but it was also cleaner than the cabin they used to live in.

Understandably, Uncle Bill felt a little more out of place than she did. He was not used to living in a house that had not enough space to grow his own crops and flowers.

With her arms full of bags of groceries, Leyla leisurely trudged up the stairs in their new residence. She reached it relatively easily and put down the groceries to open up the door, before entering with them through the threshold.

She went to their small kitchen, and began putting away the groceries. Once finished, she looked around, noted her uncle wasn’t in, and decided to go out and look for him again. Locking the door behind her, she quickly got back outside.

She walked calmly on the alley in front of their building, eyes glancing inquisitively at her surroundings as she walked all the way down to the end of the street.

And there she saw her uncle, right across from her, looking out over at the spanning beach and sea just off a distance.

“Uncle!” She called out, jolting him for a moment, before he turned around and saw her.

Bill wiped the forming sweat of his temples and smiled at her as she neared him. He’d just begun work on the nearby dockyard in the harbor this week. She hoped it wasn’t too strenuous for him.

“What brings you here, my dear? Shouldn’t you be waiting at home?” He quickly inquired after greeting her. Leyla only shrugged and smiled.


“I checked the time, and figured work was done for the day, so I came to fetch you!” She beamed at him, as she showed him the wristwatch. Bill only chuckled half-heartedly, before playfully rubbing her blonde head of hair.

Both new residents looked a lot better than when they did on their arrival. They were both more peaceful, happier…

It was almost akin to the peace they experienced in Arvis before the greenhouse got destroyed. But most of all, it hid from Leyla just how difficult Bill was taking to their new lifestyle.

He’d been a gardener his whole life, and while he didn’t regret leaving that behind, he reluctantly admitted to himself that his new job hadn’t been easy to learn. But it seemed, he wasn’t the only one hiding the difficulty of adjusting to a new place.

“Actually, I wanted to tell you I found a job too.” Leyla finally told him as they resumed walking back to their small apartment. Bill’s eyes grew wide in awe and pride.

“That’s wonderful Leyla! And so quickly too!” He praised her, and Leyla beamed proudly back at him.

“Remember the hiring at the museum Uncle Allen told us about?” Leyla quickly elaborated, “Well, I just had an interview with an assistant, and if it all goes well, I’m going to be working in it soon.”

“Ah that’s so wonderful Leyla! See? I knew you’d do well in anything!” her uncle praised her, making Leyla feel giddy and proud of herself as well. “How soon do you start?”

“I start tomorrow.” She informed him, and a worried look came upon his face.

“Tomorrow?” He asked her worriedly, “But you’re still not feeling well my dear, are you sure you can handle work in such a condition?”

Leyla quickly nodded her head in assent.

“Of course, uncle,” She reassured him, “Besides, they might think I’m a patient if I make that as an excuse.”

“You’re not even eating properly since we got here, so what if they see you as a patient?” Bill asked her bluntly, his worry for her not letting him be delicate in his questioning.

She really hadn’t eaten much, and whatever she ate, she’d hurl out moments later. It made him more anxious and worried with every passing day.

“I’ll be fine!” Leyla insisted softly, “It’s just the new environment I’m sure, once I begin work, I’ll integrate more into the community and adjust better.”

Bill took in a deep breath as he eyed his ward.

“Alright,” He finally conceded, “But only if you’re sure.”

“I’m sure.” she reassured him with a smile.

Bill didn’t like seeing that smile. She’d gotten thinner since they’d arrived. And she kept smiling at him reassuringly, avoiding any topic of him helping her. He wanted to help her, at this point he even wished for her to cry and scream out her frustration…

Yet still she kept smiling. And there wasn’t anything Bill could do when she’d refuse his help.

“Oh look uncle, we’re finally here!” Leyla beamed at him, pointing to their apartment as she quickly averted the subject. She quickly pulled on his arm, pulling him towards the residential building when she met some resistance.

“I know that Leyla,” Bill smiled at her, “Come on.” He encouraged her to follow him. Leyla frowned in confusion.

“Where are you going?”

“It’s rather hot outside today,” Bill hummed thoughtfully, “And I suddenly feel a craving for some ice cream. Come along now.” He kept walking away from the building, leaving his niece confused, yet still eagerly following behind him.

Eventually they ended up sitting at the outside tables of a cafe that served soft ice cream. They sat across each other, basking in the open-air and savoring their cold treat. It was a nice change of pace as Leyla finally received her vanilla-flavored ice cream, while her uncle had an ice-cold beer.

“Eat quickly or it’ll melt soon.” Bill pointed out to Leyla when she just stared at her ice cream bowl. This jolted Leyla to look at him dryly before picking up her dessert spoon and scooped a heapful of ice cream, making a show of shoving it inside her mouth.

“It’s not like it’s difficult to eat.” She murmured to him, and Bill chuckled at her. “Oh, this tastes good.” She remarked, smacking her lips together in appreciation.

“Do you want something difficult to eat then?”

“No.” She quickly responded, eyes crinkling in distaste, and continued to eat her ice cream heartily. They laughed and talked with each other, as Leyla desperately drowned the thoughts of heated touches and dark blue eyes in the back of her mind.

She looked up at the bright sky, and saw only blue. It was the clear summer sky. Not long now…

Not long now, summer will soon arrive in the distant city up in the North.






Cracks had begun to form from the solid foundation Matthias had built for himself. He could feel it grow stronger the more time passes by away from Leyla. He could hardly sleep anymore, and the days had begun blending together…

Nothing in his mind made any sense, nor became more important than finding Leyla. Day after day, Matthias found it harder and harder to get out of bed.

It wasn’t until late in the morning that he finally rose out of bed. His eyes remained sunken despite the prolonged rest, his face hollow and sharp, his blue eyes dull and darker than before.

He dragged his feet towards the bathroom, where he stopped and looked at his reflection with a blank expression. His eyes were notably bloodshot, more indication of his restless night.

Lately he’d find himself laughing to himself, but nothing was funny. His chuckles and grins were all devoid of any emotion other than numbness…

Prevalent numbness.

When had anything stopped being amusing? When did they all stop becoming ridiculous? He had no idea, they all just ended up unimportant, shoved so far back in his mind, he couldn’t be bothered to waste time to think about them at all.

He splashed the cold water on his face, a futile attempt to keep himself focused and wiped it clean before looking back to his reflection again.

Ah, he needed to shower. And so he did, but the pounding in his temples grew worse as soon as he got out. And then three sharp knocks came.

“My Lord, it’s me, Hessen.” The muffled voice greeted him from behind the thick doors. Matthias grabbed his robe and went out of the bathroom.

Hessen was momentarily important too.

“Enter.” He commanded, his cool and composed tone never changing.

Upon the butler’s entrance, Matthias noted the way he had pursed his lips in contemplation upon the sight of him. To be honest, Matthias still found himself rather dashing.

Matthias settled by his wing chair, which he’d since ordered it to be moved near the window, as opposed to its original post in front of the fireplace. He let out a relaxed sigh as he leaned back, eyes trailed to look over the budding roses out in the garden.

He glanced at the road Leyla took before, seeing her pass by as she usually did, before she once again faded from his view.

What a tedious and normal life he led.


He listened quietly as Hessen rattled off with today’s morning news while simultaneously preparing his preferred coffee. What boring news his butler brought him again. That wasn’t what Matthias wanted to hear.

And it seemed his butler saw right through him when Hessen quieted down and bowed to him apologetically.

“I’m truly sorry, my Lord.” Hessen said. “We still found no traces of Mr. Remmer and Ms. Lewellin.”

“So find them.” Matthias hummed disinterestedly, taking a relaxing sip of his scalding cup of coffee. Hessen appeared to want to say something…

Day after day news of his servant’s failure to find his bird came, and day after day, Matthias’ mind hadn’t changed.

He will find them. There simply wasn’t any reason why he couldn’t. They just needed to look harder.

“I will do my utmost, my Lord.” Hessen finally told him, bowing at him in resignation.

And Matthias smiled as he looked outside, waiting for the roses to bloom for him. He was satisfied with the butler’s answer, but Hessen could only grow more worried for his master.

He knew how affected Matthias had been since Ms. Lewellin’s disappearance. Matthias didn’t have to tell him. His actions and state of health were of great indication to him. And so he takes his master’s unreasonable requests within stride, but he won’t stand idly by and watch his master waste himself away.

That was not proper for a butler.

“I shall send Dr. Etman to you upon your return home later then as well, my Lord.” Hessen informed him dutifully, which finally made his master get out of his musings. He could see the confused question on the Duke’s face.

“Allow me to do this for you, my Lord,” Hessen requested his master, “For the ease of this old butler’s heart.”

The Duke doesn’t sleep nor eat well anymore, that much he could tell. And he’s lost weight, if his sharpened features were of any indication. Hessen feared his master was spiralling out of control, hidden from anyone’s view aside from him, and he wanted to prevent that.

Matthias sighed, and let out a terse nod, and Hessen bowed gratefully at him.

“Do what you must ” Matthias sighed out at him.

“Thank you, my Lord,” Hessen replied, “I will.”

***


When the esteemed Dr. Etman had first entered the mansion, he’d initially thought it was just a routine check-up, is all. But looking at the Duke, seated in his chair all relaxed and spacing out, eventually made him feel worried for his patient.

The Duke greeted him the same, he was calm and composed the entire time when he’d give his focus on the doctor, but Dr. Etman’s main concern was how emaciated the Duke had become. Once he was done checking up, the doctor took his seat across from the duke, and got ready to relay his assessment.

“Just prescribe me some sleeping pills.” The Duke beat him to the chase, and the doctor blinked in alarm before hastily protesting against such measures.

“Duke Herhardt, I must advise strongly against-“

“I only need to sleep well, then I’ll be fine.” Matthias quickly interrupted, disregarding his advice as tiresome and trivial at most.

“Just losing sleep does not equate to losing so much weight and appetite, Duke.” The doctor persisted.

“If I can sleep well, then I can eat well.” Matthias rationalized with a shrug of his shoulder. “Like I said, I need only sleeping pills.”

Dr. Etman was greatly disturbed by this insistence. He didn’t want to prescribe any medicine for the Duke, and wanted to let him gradually gain weight, but the Duke was adamant that lack of sleep was the only problem. At first glance he might be inclined to agree, but something in the doctor’s gut feeling told him it ran deeper than just a lack of sleep.

What’s going on with the Duke?

It didn’t matter how much he’d assess and make assumptions and theories on the Duke’s ailment, he won’t be able to guess it without thorough examination. And the Duke, as of the moment, was a little uncooperative. Without further permission, Dr. Etman could do no further examination on him. And still in a sound mind, and body, despite the body being in a less desired state than standard, he can only concede to his patient’s wishes.

And Dr. Etman was dismissed and escorted out of the Duke’s chambers, with Hessen obediently trailing behind the doctor.

Finally alone, Matthias grunted displeasingly as he plopped down on his bed haphazardly. The bed beneath him was too cold, and too soft. It was like he was drowning in water, but never really sinking.

Even as he closed his eyes, his senses were on high alert still. Was this what dying felt like?

Thankfully, his sleepless nights won’t be here for long. After the sunset, the medicine the doctor prescribed for him would soon arrive, and he’d be right as rain.

Still, in the meantime, he’d have to make due with resting while awake.


A sharp knock came, jolting Matthias back to his senses before noting how dark the outside had gotten. Not waiting for a response, Hessen stepped inside the room, and set his prescribed dose and medicine on the bedside table.

Matthias eyed it greedily.

“I’ll have the maids serve your dinner here, my Lord.” Hessen informed him and Matthias quickly shook his head.

“There’s no need for dinner.”

“But, my Lord-” Hessen paused when he watched Matthias throw an arm over his eyes as he lay stockstill on his bed. Hessen’s lips pursed into a thin line, before bowing at him.

“Then rest comfortably, my Lord.” Hessen relented, before quietly shutting the door behind him so as to not disturb his master further.

And then only static silence remained with Matthias for a long while, before he found the energy to move again.

When did it begin? And how much of it had been a lie?

Those were the questions that kept swimming in and out of his mind. As soon as he acknowledged he’d been ridiculously deceived and driven mad by a woman, a new hell of questions kept turning up.

She wasn’t that masterful at lying. He knew that to be true. Leyla wasn’t good at deceiving anyone, not even him. Some of her words had been true, but which ones?

Which of her feelings of him were true?

All those smiles she gave him, letting his hands roam over her soft mounds and smooth skin, her sensual kisses…

Which of them were lies? He couldn’t find any evidence of it being one at all.

Which of them were fake? He had to know.

Was everything false then? Her love of him? It couldn’t be.

It was a futile attempt at regaining back control over his ruined life. But despite knowing that, Matthias didn’t want to get rid of any thought of Leyla, pleasant or otherwise.

Finally, he sat up and leaned against the headboard of his bed.

He stared out into nothingness, watching every shadow cast in his room by the bright moon hovering outside of Arvis.


And then he whistled, a music bubbling up within his chest, letting him play a tune to his heart’s content.

Something was missing.

Matthias wondered what it was.

Ah. He realized after a moment, still whistling to nothing.

His canary was strangely silent.

His eyes wandered into the golden cage, noting its cage was open, but it lay asleep and curled up comfortably in the nest he bought it.

This time, he whistled for it to come to him.

Strangely, it stayed asleep, never hearing him.

His canary eventually lost his attention, as his eyes drifted off to the side and assessed the contents on the table. Something deep inside him was bubbling up, but he couldn’t put a pin on it.

He was staring at the medicine.

It was the urge to finally fall asleep, to give in to the magic of medicine and depend on it.

Should he? He did ask for it.

After longer contemplation, Matthias finally moved, his hands reaching out for the small pill that would bring him one night of rest.

He swallowed the medicine dry, before settling back in his plush bed, a relieved smile on his face.

He can feel it taking effect, the buzzing underneath his veins eventually dying down.

He was right. Sleep was all he needed.

He’d be okay now.


Chapter 114.




Where Everything Disappeared.







“Dr. Etman is coming to visit Matthias?” Elysee von Herhardt asked after hearing that their doctor was coming and going to check the Duke’s health.

“Yes my Lady, I heard that he went there today…” The maid, intimidated by the sharp tone she had taken with her, visibly cowered down as she mumbled under her breath.

After hearing this, she was silent for a moment.

When the middle-aged maid next to the two duchesses nodded, the young maid took that as a sign and hurriedly left with the empty dishes in the room. By the time she was gone, only two side dishes had remained in the quiet drawing-room.

“What should I do? He was a child who grew up without getting sick…” Elysee von Herhardt looked at her mother-in-law with anxious eyes. The former Duchess on her part, also appeared full of worry.

Bill Remmer and Leyla’s departure shocked and confused everyone in Arvis, and it was rather a great concern for them as well. Even though the relationship between the two was concerning, Leyla’s interactions with Matthias before gave no indication why they would leave them this hastily.

Fortunately, it didn’t seem as though Matthias was too bothered by their disappearance.

That’s right! It was needless for her to worry, Matthias was probably too worried about the wedding drawing near.

Furthermore, it seemed as though Matthias had gotten quite busy with his responsibilities lately, he appeared thinner than usual after all. Still, this much stress was expected, especially if he wanted to set his businesses in order before leaving for his honeymoon.

“I worry,” Elysee fretted out loud anyway, “You don’t think he is getting sick because of that girl is he?” she quickly turned to the older duchess, to which the old lady of the house gave her a sharp stare.

“Stop! We can’t entertain reasons like that to be true.” The old lady cut off her daughter-in-law’s concerns with cold words, “He is only a little stressed and overworked. He’ll be fine once he gets some rest.” She huffed out with finality.

“I guess you are right”.


“Of course. If we ask Dr. Etman later and listen to Matthias’ condition, we will know for sure. For now, don’t worry about anything.” Norma quickly reassured her.

Elysee von Herhardt’s expression darkened. Her face also mirrored the tone of her mother-in-law which grew more determined. Trusting her words, eventually Elysee nodded more confidently.

‘Was the love he held for Leyla in his heart deep?’ Elysee thought worriedly. It was certainly possible for him to feel so strongly for her. After all, young people always fall in love so easily and quite earnestly prematurely.

It is easy to feel so much passion when one is still naïve and immature. Still, this was Matthias they were talking about and not anyone else. Her son was not like the others, was he? He had never been.

He always exhibited aristocratic traits of insensitivity and regal aloofness that always gave the impression to others that he was a level-headed young Lord. For the longest time, she held the same opinion of her son. However, recently he had been acting rather unusual, and as his mother, she felt anxious that perhaps something strange had happened.

Their predecessors, the Dukes of Herhardt, never had the reputation of being friendly nor of being sociable men, Matthias was the same too. However, lately Matthias’s temperament felt a little different from theirs.

Still, even if he slightly differed from the previous Lords, he was an upstanding Duke that a little deviation was hardly anything to take issue with. He is, after all, known as the pride of the Herhardts. There has never been such greater praise than to be bestowed with such a title.

Therefore, she has always believed that she gave birth to the family’s living glory and honor.

It was also due to her son’s accomplishments as a young boy that Elysee also believed him to be perfect for the longest time. It drove an immeasurable gap between her and Matthias, something she was hesitant to fill in.

Even though she gave birth to him, and he was the fruit of her belly, he seemed so otherworldly.

He’s Matthias, no one else. Not her son, not her husband’s son, but Matthias.

As such, it was an entirely ridiculous notion that someone like him would suffer because of one lowly orphan! Such blasphemy it was!

She shook her head, pushed these thoughts away, and assured herself that there was nothing to worry about and she was too paranoid.

Seriously, she needed to stop worrying too much.








Matthias slowly opened his eyes, and as his blurry vision cleared, he realized that he was lying on his back on a cold mattress. For a moment he just stayed there motionlessly staring into space.

As more seconds ticked by, he began to recognize the darkness that settled in his room as dark shadows came in from his opened windows. He remembered falling asleep at dawn, the morning must have already passed.

Ever since he started taking the sleeping pills, it felt as though he lost his sense of time. Night and day began to blur together, he could no longer recognize one from the other.

He felt stuck in limbo where seconds, minutes and hours were unrecognizable concepts of time he no longer remembered, nor cared for.

Even when he felt exhausted from all the work he’d been taking on, it seemed as if he couldn’t sleep without those pills. No matter when or where he was, whether it was day or night, all he wanted was to sleep…

And then he would find himself swallowing those pills like it was second nature.

Perhaps, at some point, it had become second nature.

Perhaps sleep had become his means of escape.

At least, while he was intoxicated and under the influence of the medicine, he did not remain plagued with his memories of Leyla and her body against his.

But as soon as he opened his sunken eyes, he would find himself stuck in those memory loops all over again.

He didn’t want to do anything. He had no energy to do anything but sleep.

Additionally, it proved to be all the more annoying that their family doctor kept checking up on him. He didn’t even order for him to be summoned. The old doctor just kept coming in and out of his bedroom, uninvited!

And it was wearing thin on his patience!

Dr. Etman even had the gall to tell him yesterday, he would no longer prescribe him with more sleeping pills! How preposterous of him!

Still, Matthias saw no need to provide him with a proper answer, and smiled at him instead. Deep down, he knew that the doctor was not the kind of person who says these things so carelessly.

He knew that he might actually take such measures against him.

Regardless, it wasn’t as if he couldn’t just pay another doctor to give him a prescription instead.


And so Matthias stood up from his bed, practically dragging his feet out of bed as his steps grew sluggish. He cast his eyes at the clock after taking a bath and drinking a cup of water.

It was already past noon.

What schedule did he have today?

He tried to remember but his head felt so empty that nothing came to mind.

Eventually, Matthias decided to get dressed.

As he was fixing himself up alone, he pulled the bell and called the butler. By the time he finished fastening up the last button of his shirt, Hessen was already at his door, knocking, to which he promptly allowed him to enter his bedroom.

“I shall prepare a meal for you, my Lord.” Hessen quickly informed him, taking note of his dressed figure.

“No,” Matthias replied rather quickly, “Coffee is enough.” He ordered.

He was in no mood to eat. Everything tasted so bland in this house.

“My Lord…” Hessen began to protest, but Matthias quickly cut him off, not bothering with any other word his butler had to say to him.

His opinions did not matter to Matthias.

“What’s my afternoon schedule?” Matthias asked as he approached the window and pulled open the curtain.

His eyes raked over the skies, which appeared darker and heavier than usual. It was graying with thickened clouds, blocking out the sunlight from shining over his property.

Despite the ominous cold weather, humid winds carried the sweet scent of flowers upon him opening the curtains. Somehow, spring had danced its way inside his room.

“Your schedule is clear for the whole afternoon. So you can take a rest, my Lord.” Hessen’s answer swam into his ears.

Ah right, he was still here.

“I see.” he hummed softly, eyes still looking outside to the gardens.

“You have to eat, master…” Hessen told him with great concern in his tone, “Should I call for Dr. Etman again?” he quickly offered up and Matthias felt more irritation bubbling up inside of him at his continued interference.

His butler was never this insistent before! And yet, Hessen seemed more persistent today than before!


Sweeping back his still wet hair, Matthias turned to stare pointedly at him and stood up. The old butler, who rarely expressed his feelings, was now staring back at him with worried eyes.

Matthias does not understand why he was giving him such a look.

There was no need for concern, but it was too tiring to explain himself to people who’d never understand.

He just wanted to go back to sleep and hoped that when he woke up, whatever he felt, all these bundled-up thoughts would soon disappear like smoke.

The last thing he wanted now was a meal, a doctor and…

Everything was bloody annoying!

After taking a sip of the coffee Hessen prepared in silence, Matthias made his way to the cage solemnly.

These days, his canary, who used to fly around the room diligently, lately kept crouching in on itself like a ball. Every time Matthias checked on it, it was always tucked inside its nest.

Did it crave for sleep and rest like he does right now?

Matthias reached out and wrapped his hands around the seemingly helpless bird and pulled it out of the cage. He brought it up to his face, deciding to finally see what the change in behavior was all about.

After inspecting the canary up close, he gathered that it was ill. Its beautiful feathers, which used to be glossy and reflected the sunlight beautifully, were now noticeably in disarray and rather coarse.

It had grown scruffy and dull yellow.

A random memory finally resurfaced to mind, completely devoid of Leyla. It was of his bird taking a bath and shaking off the excess water several times a day came to his mind.

Just then, the canary which had stayed still in his hands, suddenly rubbed its small, soft body and beak against his palms.

It was almost as if, it was seeking his warmth and relying on Matthias body temperature to fight against the coldness.

Matthias stood there for a long time, just enveloping the bird in his touch. The longer he stood there taking in his canary, the more his mind returned to being plagued with memories of a golden-haired woman tormenting him over…

and over…

and over again.

“Please love me.”

It was the day she smiled like a witch and put a curse on him.

“I want you to love me.”

It was said in the late afternoon, when every sweet word was actually carving out his heart.

“Give me your love, for eternity…”

Every moment and every second of the day, it was Leyla. His terribly beautiful Leyla, who filled his waking moments.

Eventually he carefully returned the bird to its nest.

With a sense of urgency and responsibility, he turned to Hessen, who was patiently waiting for whatever he needed to be done.

Matthias wasted no time to give him an order.

“Get me the zoo keeper.” he barked at Hessen, “Have him check on my canary.” He finished, before turning to face the cage once more.

Hessen blinked in confusion.

“Now!” Matthias reiterated, and Hessen bowed in acquiescence.

“At once, my Lord.”

And just like that, Matthias proceeded to turn on his heels. As he marched to leave the room without uttering a single word, the butler took anxious steps and trailed behind him

“My lord, if you’re going out, let Evers…”

“I’m going to take a walk, so I don’t need him to accompany me.” He snapped at the butler. Matthias abruptly stopped on his tracks in front of a window in the hallway. For a split second it seemed he was hesitating about something.

When Hessen took a few steps back to maintain a proper distance, Matthias resumed his walk with wider steps until his shadow completely left the hallway.

By the time he’d left the mansion and entered through the gardens, the sky was already brimming with dark clouds, the likelihood of rain becoming more and more probable.

However, Matthias ignored the signs of bad weather and kept on in his path, unwilling to be stopped. Honestly, he didn’t even know where he was headed. But even so, Matthias could hardly care where he ended up in.


After days of filling up the spaces in his head of Leyla’s laughing figure, of her cute and embarrassed expressions, he was suddenly overwhelmed with feelings of anger as he thought of how much he was blinded by her.

Thinking about it now, he was more surprised at the fact that a bad actress like her could deceive him so skillfully. Perhaps he was truly blinded by desire, so he couldn’t see how obviously she was playing him.

His self-loathing felt like oil that fueled the flame inside his heart and swallowed him whole.

Even though he knew he had every right to be angry, and indeed he was, somehow that anger did not seem enough. He wished he would be angry, instead there was only an unsettling stillness and numbing coldness in his heart..

‘Is this the extent of it? Is this all it amounts to? Is this the end? Is everything over now?’ He pondered, almost not realizing that his feet had carried him by the riverside.

The waters reflected that dark skies, appearing colder and cloudier than before. Still, Matthias walked along the bedside of the river, following its current.

‘If everything is over, there is no reason to find her, right?’

Once again, he found himself asking a question.

Maybe it’s a good thing that she is gone.

The thorn by his side has finally disappeared. He felt a sense of clarity washing over him, it seemed as though the fog of the aftermath of her departure had finally been lifted.

He should return to his life as the unshakable Duke of Herhardt.

That’s right. It was this simple. Everything, in the end, was this easy.

Just then, the image of a bird at the foot of the river suddenly came to view. It flapped its wings purposefully until it was near enough for Matthias to recognize.

He started to laugh, because it was such a funny sight.

The bird had a familiar colored thread at its ankle. It was a ribbon Leyla Lewellin had attached to migratory birds born and raised in Arvis.

The bird is back.

After recalling that fact, and seeing the bird Leyla was earnestly waiting for return, his heartbeats became a little faster.

What is this? His heart drummed loudly and reverberated throughout his body.


It was as if he had forgotten what he had resolved to do only seconds ago and only one thought ran in his mind…

‘So Leyla, you have to come back to me, too.’

It felt so natural. It seemed that this wishful thinking would soon become a reality.

Then, the lips that had barely had any reason to laugh started to tremble and curve upward. He couldn’t stop himself even though he knew it was a delusion created by a sick mind that was restless and lost that it couldn’t even make any proper judgment.

He was trapped in a trance-like daze, and before he knew it, he was already running. His figure weaved through the forest greenery where small patches of spring started to blossom. He did not pause to admire the view and resolutely sprinted on until he arrived at the gardener’s cabin.

White sheets that were draped over the clothesline violently fluttered against the chilly breeze, but his thoughts focused on the warm lights that came out of the window. And beyond that open door, was someone who was wearing an apron…

Leyla rushed out.

Her braided hair swayed from behind as she walked in a hurry.

‘See? You’re back.’

But then rain started to fall, and he wanted to laugh like a crazy idiot. He should have known that things were going to turn out this way.

The past few weeks have been so quiet, so inconsequential. It was at this moment of realization that all those visions he was seeing disappeared in a split second.

As the next second chimed in, he finally let out a loud sigh laced with a burst of laughter. It was at this instant that it dawned on him that he was standing alone in the courtyard of an abandoned cabin, where weeds began to sprout due to neglect.

Matthias stopped there and calmly looked around in the rain.

He hadn’t gone in the cabin since Leyla had run away from him. He didn’t think he wanted to check up on it again. He could convince himself to do so if he wanted to, he could make himself believe that none of those things happened, that none of it was real.

Instead of moving on, turning around and leaving the place like any sane person would, like he promised not even minutes before he would, Matthias’ feet were soon stumbling towards the cabin.

He did not know why he was doing it.


But it tasted the same as his feelings of not wanting to let go. He found himself being tugged at both sides of wanting to release her and holding on to these lingering feelings. In the end he knew that he was only losing, it was a meaningless game.

As his feet climbed the aged wooden stairs, it creaked beneath his weight.

He reached out, clasping the cold knob in his hand. He then turned the handle of the front door with his wet hands and the locked door opened without any resistance to reveal the dark emptiness hidden inside.

His breathing came in and out shakily and he shut his eyes, hearing the hard beating of his heart in the back of his mind. Finally finding his composure, Matthias’ eyes opened once more…

And into the threshold he went.


Chapter 115.




What’s Left Now?







Nothing changed. As far as he could tell, everything remained the same, except for the growing dust covering every surface of the cabin.

He could clearly tell they left in such haste, taking only the bare minimum as they went in the dead of the night. A dead chuckle bubbled up within Matthias’ chest as he continued to survey the room.

The frustration in him kept bubbling up as well, the more he stared at it. How could they leave this place so suddenly? He knew very well how precious this place had been for the old gardener and his Leyla.

The sounds of pelting raindrops hitting the cabin echoed loudly in the darkened silence he found himself in. His breathing became rhythmic in tandem with the rain. Matthias turned, and walked down the hallway. He soon found himself face to face with the door to Leyla’s room. He’d been in here once, savouring every feel of her body against his, drowning in the pleasure of her…

But now it was abandoned…

But it didn’t matter, he’d see Leyla here again and make new memories.

Matthias soon found himself sitting at the edge of her bed. He quickly flicked on the lampshade on the bedside table and looked around the room.

It screamed Leyla. And for a moment, he wondered if he could summon her again with just the call of her name. Every inch and crevice of the room, he could see ghosts of her.

Lately he kept dreaming of her running in front of him, and then she would stop and look back at him. Almost as though she was waiting for him to come find her. There was a twinkling in her eye, almost like she’s about to laugh…

And then she’d run again, and turn back to look at him again.

He often found himself eyeing her lips, watching as though they were whispering something…

“Please love me.”


Her honeysuckle voice echoed in the deep recesses of his mind. Matthias straightened up from his seat. Those last words of hers kept looping in his head. A subtle warmth grew in his chest the more he thought about her waiting for him to come to her for a change.

His lips pursed into a thin line, his eyes staring around him, but not really looking at the now-rundown cabin…

His breathing grew ragged as the warmth in his chest started turning into an ice-cold grip. While her sweet words swirled in his head, her absence was screaming at him they had all been lies!

His knuckles turned white as he clenched his fists tightly to limit his shaking. He crouched in on himself, ignoring the swaying dust all around him as he pounded his fists into the worn-down mattress.

He quickly shot up to his feet, and began pacing, trying to calm his breathing as the warmth returned with a vengeance, burning hotter than ever….

And then he felt it. The blazing fire in his chest was suddenly doused, and he paused to look at what he’d kicked.

It was a large wooden box, partially sticking out from underneath the bed. It piqued his curiosity. What was in it? Were they more secrets of Leyla?

And just like that, Matthias felt reinvigorated at the knowledge of seeing only something Leyla knew. This was another one of her secrets only he would know. The sudden elation he felt prompted him to quickly pry into the box, ignoring the huff of dust upon the lid falling haphazardly on the floor.

They were all junk, as far as Matthias could tell. Why would she even keep them? Though he wouldn’t deny that the box seemed familiar.

And then it clicked.

It was a gift—specifically, a gift from him.

He sat back down on the bed, and began to sift through the contents of the box, the curiosity in him building up upon the knowledge Leyla left a box which contained a gift from him.

He pulled out a velvet box first, and popped it open. In it contained a beautifully carved crystal bird. It shone brightly in the darkened room, its wings painted a faint yellow, appearing golden, like Leyla’s hair.

This was the one he had commissioned after seeing her delight in their visit under the passage in the museum.

‘My Leyla…’ Matthias declared softly to himself, but a nagging voice, a quiet voice was whispering to him he never owned her. Not even a little bit.

He closed the velvet box up swiftly, and returned to look into more of the box’s contents.


More and more, he found more of the gifts he’d given her left behind. Even the shoes he’d bought for her in replacement for the one he’d stained with ink.

She really did it then, took every single thing he’d given her out of the goodness of his heart, and left it behind, left everything behind as she left him.

He wanted to laugh at the pettiness of it all, he wanted to be angry even at her throwing away his gifts for her. But what was the point? Leyla was not here.

She was not here to see him. She disappeared from him, leaving him behind.

So what did she have left?

A puddle of rain formed beneath him the more he stayed in the house. He could care less about creating a pool of mess in this cabin. No one was left in it to care for it after all.

Surely, she must have left behind something else, not just his gifts. There must be something she would be willing to return to. She can’t leave him like this.

He resumed wandering around the small room, digging through every crevice and corner of her room, practically grasping at straws for something to cling on to. Her things have been upturned, her books, and many other irrelevant objects.

Nothing personal, as far as he could tell, and stronger and stronger the rain pelted down on the cabin outside.

And then he saw it, in the corner of his eyes. A small journal, haphazardly splayed out on the floor by the foot of the bed.

A diary, the kind for a child.

His pale, calloused hands picked it up, scanning through the entry it had been opened on, and realized whose it was.

It was Leyla’s diary from childhood.

A new insight into Leyla’s mind. How fascinating! At that moment, Matthias completely disregarded his promise to himself to move on from her. He doesn’t want to move on from her.

Never.

He flipped immediately to the beginning, Leyla’s first day in Arvis.

[ I got in Arvis today. And I met Uncle Bill too. He’s very big and scary, but don’t worry, he wasn’t scary at all!

He never even hit me! He doesn’t even make a lot of noise too. Also, I got dinner! He gave me one. He said he likes seeing children eat like a cow, so I tried to eat like one!

He didn’t get angry I ate a lot. Plus, his food was yummy!

So yeah, I like Uncle Bill. He wasn’t scary. I guess Arvis pretty too.

Hopefully he’ll adopt me! Then I won’t have to go to that orphanage. I promise I’ll be really good too! Wish me luck!]

Tucked in the pages behind the diary entry, were a couple of dried grass and petals of random flowers Matthias never bothered to learn. There were also a couple of doodles here and there of trees, flowers and birds.

He assumed they were rough imitations of what she’d seen in Arvis.

He flipped on to another page.

[I was in the forest today! And guess what I saw? The duke! And he tried to shoot me too! I got so scared that I had to cry!

Though, I thought he was reeaaally cute! And his voice was so soft and smooth too! It was soft like that bird feather I picked up! The one I gave Uncle Bill!



Speaking of, I asked him if all the noblemen were pretty like the duke, and he said no duke’s special. Though I don’t understand why he would do bad things.]


I guess the


The memory flashed in front of his eyes as he recalled their first meeting. He’d seen a small girl sitting on the tree at that time as he had been strolling down by the riverside.

He’d shot at her initially, thinking she had been a bird. It had come as a surprise for him; it had been a person instead. And since that moment, he’d often seen her around their designated hunting grounds.

When interacting with young nobles like he and Riette, most people, or servants would often shower them with compliments and care. Not Leyla though, she had made it a point to turn the other way around as soon as she gave her respects to him.

She made it clear early on, how afraid she’d been of him.

He was brought back to the present, hands clasped firmly around the edges of the child’s diary. Half of him didn’t want to keep reading, but the prospect of letting Leyla go wouldn’t let him as well.

He needed to keep reading.

And so he did, and on and on it went. Her feelings in Arvis, her childish adventures and discovery since coming to Arvis. Her day-to-day life with Uncle Bill. The more Matthias read, the more he understood what it was that Leyla wanted.


And he’d also learned more about the flowers and birds that grew in Arvis, things that were unimportant to him. He read about the compliments her uncle would give her, her experiences in every season…

And then he stumbled upon the entry on her first time ever tasting an ice cream. He could hear the sadness bleeding out of her entry as he read into it.

[I was called to the mansion today! I also met the duke’s relative. I wanted to play with her, but I didn’t understand the game. She called me a puppy, and then left. I don’t know what that meant, but puppies are cute, right?

I tried showing her how good I am at other things! But she just told me she’s a lady. She seemed to hate climbing trees and running too. So I just kept following her around, and then she gave me money!

They told me to take it though, even when I told them I didn’t need money. But I did take it. I guess I was so shy at the moment, I dropped the money on the floor and then the scary duke came!

He stepped on it too! And I felt terrified and embarrassed. I had to crawl in front of him to pick them up!

He’s still pretty, but scary. I went home crying, and told uncle everything!

He told me not to cry though, I was doing my job. So I should be proud I made honest money. It’s weird. He told me I would be an amazing adult. But everyone kept calling me unlucky because I’m an orphan…]

Leyla proceeded to pour out her feelings, writing down her cousin’s from her aunt teasing her how she’d be a prostitute. It wasn’t until later on that she realized what it meant, and she’d been so upset and even fought with her brother when he said it to her too.

And then she wrote down the consequences of her fighting back. How they’d hit her, and starve her. In her hunger, she even ate a turnip fresh from the garden, but she got caught and got hit again for disobeying.

Her aunt called her a thief after that. And she’d end up a prostitute, cheating people off their money. Everyone else kept telling her the same thing…

But Uncle Bill was different. He told her she’d be a good adult, but she didn’t understand what a good adult was supposed to be. So she kept quiet, believing her uncle to be all wise, then she must grow up to be one too.

[… I can’t sleep well. I keep dreaming what I’d be when I grow up! I wonder what uncle Bill saw. He’s smart, so he can predict the future! Oh I can’t wait to grow up and be a good adult!



And then Uncle Bill will be happy and I will be happy! He laughed at me when I said that okay, I like hearing his laugh.]


but that’s


The words ran out long before Matthias moved on from that entry. It was a joke for him, stepping on the money and making her pick it up with great difficulty. He didn’t think much of it, so he can’t remember why he even did that to her back then.

All he knew was that she intrigued him, and he wanted to tease her more. Push more of her buttons and see how much she could take from him.

It’s been so long after all. He hardly even remembered much of the details of his childhood. Leyla was the only thing he could remember so vividly, her beauty, her green eyes, how she cowered from his presence…

The sky grew darker outside. Still Matthias remained in the abandoned cabin.

She wrote and wrote every single thing in her childhood down, eventually refreshing more and more of his memory with every account of hers that mentioned him. Her goals kept changing.

From getting good grades, mastering the bicycle, and then living a happy life with Bill, Kyle was part of her plans here, but most of the names she mentioned he didn’t recognize.

Probably because they were inconsequential to him being with her. Never mind she kept mentioning they lived around Arvis too.

The last entry was about winter. It stood out to Matthias because it was that winter, that he came upon owning a beautiful bird to entertain him to his heart’s content.

He wanted to read more, and resumed his search around the room, but saw no more. She wrote nothing more to leave him with.

How odd. He used to think his time with her was the highlight of his meager life. But it seemed as though, for her, he was her nightmare in the flesh.

How odd. Why did she see it like that?

Perhaps it was because he spent too much time looking at her? He was merely a spectator of her life from afar after all. And the more he watched, the more annoyed he got how out of reach she kept trying to be from him.

But lately, he found himself devoid of caring about anything else. His fingers twitched.

He wanted to sleep again. Had he been in his room he would have reached for those sleeping pills again.

And then he’d be asleep shortly.

Deciding that nothing was left for him here, he flicked the lampshade off, and trudged out with heavy steps outside the cabin.

It was time to return to his mansion.


He was only out for a walk, and that was what it looked like to his attendants who eagerly waited and cared for him as soon as he arrived. They fretted over him and his health, telling him to get warm from the rain…

That’s right, it had still been raining when he left the cabin. He wondered how he could have missed that.

Still, despite their cries for him to get something warm in his, Matthias ignored them, heading sluggishly back to his room. Every desperate plea they reasoned with him all became an annoying buzzing of insects to him.

As he reached his bedroom door, he was greeted by the hardened expression on Hessen’s face upon the sight of him. The old butler’s lips were pressed into a thin line, before sighing in resignation.

Just behind him was a sobbing maid. She looked familiar.

Ah, that was the maid Hessen showed him would be taking care of his bird upon his leave.

He walked forward, and addressed his butler.

“How’s my bird?” He asked softly, and Hessen’s face grew somber, as he bowed his head apologetically at him…

“I am deeply sorry, my Lord,” Hessen began, and the maid’s sobbing sounds grew louder. “I’m afraid the canary didn’t make it, my Lord.”

A loud ringing began to echo in Matthias’ ears.

“Your bird’s dead, my Lord.” Hessen finished.


Chapter 116.




Leyla.







After the night-long heavy downpour, dawn broke, and morning finally came. Matthias found himself leaning against his wing chair in front of the west window and watched the bright morning sun as it rose from the east.

A cold wind was blowing through the open window, carrying the fresh scent of roses. It seemed as though they bloomed during the onslaught of heavy rains yesterday.

He soon found himself bitterly chuckling at the irony.

Even though the season had come for roses to bloom, Leyla was no longer here to witness it. And during the time when he expected all living creatures to go back home and make his world livelier, his bird would suddenly die.

Matthias cast his eyes at the now-empty cage where his canary had lived.

The only things that indicated it had been lived in were the several yellow feathers scattered all over it and the bowls of uneaten rice and water. Those were the only things his canary left behind to remind him of its existence.

His bird was gone.

Matthias’ eyes shifted back to the table in front of him. On top of it was a small wooden box that embraced the cold body of his canary. Its once soft and minuscule body had hardened into a position of eternal sleep. The memories he had with it slowly filled his head, and he had no choice but to let it take him back to those times.

He remembers seeing it first as a small bird, an assuming creature that captured his heart with one glance. He enjoyed seeing the bird gradually being tamed by him.

It used to thrash loudly and flee whenever he was near it, but then its countenance had mellowed, and he could gradually tame its spirit. The joy he felt back then was so pure and unexplainable. It filled his heart like the way a lovely song could fill a room.

The knowledge that it was a being under his domain…

That it was utterly his…

Also made its affection taste sweeter.

It brought him so much pleasure in the way the bird would just chirp happily and play in his room, the way its eyes would search for him around its vicinity…

And the way he could run his fingers against its soft feathers while it sat on the back of his hand just staring at him were moments of great pleasure and he loved every second of it.

But now…

These memories were nothing but ashes of a once burning flame.

He got up from his chair, approached the table, and then reached out and slowly stroked its cold body. The feathers of its golden wings were still so soft that he could almost believe that the bird would open its eyes again and fly toward him at any moment.

That it was fine, he told himself…

He still had his canary.

They told him they did not know the reason for his bird’s death. It just died like that.

Perhaps, it was suffering in silence with him, until anxiety drowned it in its vicious arms, and drained the life out of it.

And just like that, it was gone forever from his life…

Much like the way she left him.

Like Leyla…

For a long time, Matthias remained in a catatonic state. He just sat across the table and stared at the body of his dead bird in silence. He appeared to be waiting for it to flap its wings and sing its sweet songs once again, just like it used to do when the bright morning came after a night of heavy rain.

The passing of hours quickly became apparent as the soft rays of sunlight shifted on his window and began to shine down on the intricate box at the table.

Seeing its warmth fall on top of it, Matthias quietly called the bird’s name, “Leyla…”

That was the most fitting name he could give it. As soon as he saw the tiny bird, he knew he had to name it Leyla.

He didn’t care if it sounded ridiculous. He liked that he could be as sweet as he wanted to with this bird, and the bird loved him as much as he was affectionate with it.

Matthias liked it; liked the feeling of loving and being loved back.


But even after whispering the sweet name several times to the wind, the bird did not open its eyes. It remained cold and lifeless to the touch.

An echo of something deep within him.

The day had just begun though, Matthias thought, fingers caressing the box absentmindedly. He looked outside, and noted it was still early.

An ominous feeling gradually enveloped his mind.

The loss of his bird’s songs were only the beginning.








Leyla woke up to feeling sharp pangs of pain enveloping her body. It seemed the slight fever she had progressed into the night; now her whole body throbbed as if she was bruised.

She continued to have no appetite, and thus couldn’t find it in herself to even eat anything.

She curled up in herself and pulled on her blankets as she covered herself with it all the way up to the top of her head. It draped all over her as she wished to drown out the outside world around her.

To be honest, despite her current predicament, she did not find the day as unbearable as the night. The nights for her were always so hard to endure, even now…

Because the nights were his…

It had now been forever ingrained in her to be his time…

It will forever be Matthias’.

She closed her eyes tightly and pressed her pillow closer to her chest because she hated the fact that she was still thinking of those nightmare-like memories…

His kisses against hers, his roaming hands all over and inside her body, his warmth pressing up against her…

They kept replaying and replaying all over in an endless loop, making her feel as though she’s still with him, and something inside her was aching…

It didn’t matter how hard she tried to erase him, her mind always found its way back to him without fail…

Nothing made her forget.


Sensing it was a losing battle, Leyla gave up her pursuit of clearing her head and jumped out of bed. She slowly approached the window and looked outside. The twinkling stars in the summer sky filled her glassy eyes…

They were nothing but a blur to her. So unlike the clear skies in Arvis.

‘Did my wish come true?’ She asked the heartless deity up above as she glanced in the blurry night sky, wondering if Matthias was now suffering as she wished he would in her absence.







“My Lord,”

A familiar voice flowed into the world where sounds tend to disappear and continue to beckon him back into awareness…

“You need to get up now, my Lord.” So it repeated and once more, it had gone closer than it had been…

Matthias groggily opened his eyes without even moving his limbs. At first sight, everything was in a haze. He blinked a few more times, before his vision began to clear up, and immediately saw the embarrassed expression on his attendant’s face.

He was standing close by his bedside.

The attendant bowed at him nervously and spoke in a solemn voice, “I apologize for disrespectfully intruding in here without your permission, my Lord.” He quickly apologized profusely.

“But I am afraid time is of the essence,” He quickly reasoned out, “You have to attend today’s meeting.”

For a moment, Matthias just blankly stared at him, watching him squirm uncomfortably in his presence.

Then, finally, he went and sighed in slight irritation.

“Fine,” Matthias quickly sniped at his attendant, “I shall be ready shortly.” He responded in a calm voice that was so unlike the tone one would expect from a person who had just woken up.

He got up, and sat against the head cushion.

He watched as the waiting maids came in and opened the curtains of his room to let the sunlight in. While warmth filled his room, Matthias found himself staring at the nearby clock, it was already past one o’clock in the afternoon.

Still, this fact did not faze him and he stood up from his bed rather nonchalantly. Truthfully, he was getting used to waking up this way, a daily life where time no longer mattered.

Nothing mattered anymore.

His legs felt like lead though and he just stood motionless, with bleary eyes that looked at the sun. Even though all the maids had left, and everything was silent, we felt oddly bothered.

There was a constant irritation, like an itch he couldn’t scratch in his mind. With every passing moment, the more it became unbearable.

And so he whistled, just something to break the deafening silence in his room. He smiled as he kept whistling, loving the sound he was making.

But where was his accompaniment? Why was nothing singing back?

‘Ahh… that’s right. There’s no Leyla anymore.’ His mind helpfully supplied, his eyes drawn to the empty corner of the room.

That’s where his bird should have been. That’s where its cage had been. But now, there was only an empty space. Nothing to indicate it had housed a bird.

‘That’s right…it died.’ he thought nonchalantly.

Death was just another part of life, wasn’t it? Just as the weather is always part of a person’s day to day life.

It wasn’t important.

He finally felt ready to go out that day and his nerves felt calmer too. He got dressed, and as soon as his tie was knotted in tightly, the attendant reminded him once more that he needed to attend a meeting.

‘Meeting?’ he thought absently, wondering what worldly issues needed his express attention?

He can’t recall any detail about today’s meeting at all, he could hazard a guess, but there wasn’t any way to know for sure. Who was he meeting with? Executives? Colleagues, or subordinates?

Matthias left the dressing room without bothering to check on his appearance.

Lately, he noted his clothes felt a little bigger on him, but he hardly thought it needed to be addressed immediately. Everything was just so… unimportant lately. Even deciding whether he’s wearing the proper clothing seemed like an absolute waste of time.

Nothing to be bothered about as it wasn’t something to entertain him.

Dressing up was just another mindless activity.

He came down to the lobby’s hall, and there Matthias saw his mother, greeting him with an awkward smile. She was probably waiting for him to come out because there was no reason for her to be hanging around there for no particular reason.


She drew close to him before she finally spoke, “Are you heading out, Matthias?” she asked with an odd tone in her voice.

“Yes I am, mother.” he replied plainly.

“Is it for work?” She asked, and Matthias nodded stiffly.

“Yes. It’s the day of the board meeting.” He replied effortlessly with his usual elegant smile.

His brief responses made Elysee embarrassed by making such a huge fuss on his condition. Her son was functioning optimally as he did before, despite his sickly appearance.

What more could she say?

It seemed like Matthias deemed her no longer important as well, for he swiftly turned on his heels and walked away from her with only a quick nod goodbye.

As soon as Matthias stepped outside, he could fully feel the warmth of summer trying to seep in his ice-cold limbs. How quaint this warm feeling was.

It reminded him effortlessly of her again. He wondered how long it had been since he last held her in his arms?

How much time had even passed by? He couldn’t tell, so there was no point dwelling further on the thought of it.

‘Was the wedding next month?’

But even that didn’t matter as much as it should have, such a lifetime concern ago. He felt like he’d just returned from a different world.

A world where only he and Leyla could exist.

He must have been standing there for a long time and just staring at the sky, for his attendant had approached him with a worried look, “My Lord…”

Matthias slowly raised his hand, not wanting to hear any more interruptions from his thoughts, before getting into the car on his own.

Today’s meeting data prepared by Mark Evers was neatly placed on one side of the rear seat, and so as the car started, he began to scan its content and refreshed his memory of its details.

At the back of his mind, he was finding it hard to concentrate but he continued to read and tried to understand it calmly. It was the proper thing to do after all. There had never been a time in his life wherein Matthias did not fulfill his responsibilities and commitments.

Today was one of those days.


And just like that, time seemed to flow without a hitch. His disposition did not change much, not even as his car arrived and entered the center of the city and parked in front of the company’s building.

The driver, who got off in a hurry, opened the back seat door respectfully.

Matthias stepped out of the car with a light heart.

He greeted the waiting directors naturally and sat down in front of the conference room desk without so much as a glance. As expected, the meeting was heated from the beginning. He suspected the conference room would soon be a warzone before the borderline was engulfed by fire.

Today, he had to choose one clear route, and Matthias was well aware of how crucial his decision would be. It is also the biggest responsibility of the Duke of Herhardt; to determine the direction and where to proceed.

He focused on the data in front of him and tried to forget his faint headache that was starting. However, complex numbers and phrases only wandered aimlessly in his mind and he couldn’t grasp any of them.

From some point on, it became unclear to him what he was even looking at.

It was at this point that he started to hear noises that did not make sense to him, but soon he was able to decipher a familiar tone; the sound of a bicycle falling and its wheels spinning in the air, as well as the sound of leaves rustling busily fluttering in the air, combined with the soft beating rhythm of his heart…

It was quickly intoxicating him.

He quickly reached for the glass of water in front of him with his bony fingers, the joints beneath the pale skin protruding sickly. However, the more he tried to get out of its weblike hold and focus on the present, the clearer the hallucination became and led him into a bog-like memory.

In his mind, he approached the image of Leyla, who was falling, and felt his heart beating loudly against his chest.

Despite the distance he still felt close enough to smell her scent. Her body seemed to have been soaked in roses, and his lips suddenly felt dry while his throat felt parched and thirsty. However, all those sounds that resembled nursery rhymes soon disappeared.

The very moment Leyla looked up in his direction, everything faded out and only she was left.

The picture of a little girl who stood up after sprawling unceremoniously on a dusty road began to overwhelm Matthias. Even though he was at the position where he was the one looking down at her, he felt rather humbled at the sight of her.

He had never felt something like that before…

Perhaps, even though he did not know it back then…

His heart already knew from the get go.

He struggled to deny it, chalking up the sensations as normal seeing as he was always like that in front of Leyla.

It’s the same now.

She made him infinitely weak and shabby in front of her presence despite his power and money.

Perhaps that’s why he kept pushing her. He wanted to feel better about himself around her.

“Excuse me… Duke.”

Matthias raised his head at the sound of someone calling him.

He couldn’t focus on anything else but the tremendous emptiness he felt inside him. He just wanted to utter nonsense, finish his work, go back home, and swallow sleeping pills again.

He didn’t want to care about anything else. There wasn’t a care he could muster inside him, even if the world were to end here and now.

He might as well just up and disappear and wouldn’t mind it in the least bit.

It was a crazy thought, but that’s his truth right now.

It’s the only truth that mattered to him.

His eyes slowly raked all over the conference room. He couldn’t help but feel out of place within its prestigious walls.

Eventually, Matthias managed to organize his thoughts, before attempting to speak a coherent sentence immediately before more of his strength and sanity completely deserted him.

“I apologize.” He amended, craning his neck left and right to relieve the growing tension in his body. “I don’t think I’m in the right mindset to make any final decision right now.”

“No, what do you mean…” the protests immediately died down as they watched Matthias rubbing his neck.

A pregnant silence filled the room, before someone else spoke up on behalf of everyone in attendance.

“I think the Herhardts will have to respect the board’s decision after further sufficient discussion.” The executive director announced, gaining Matthias’ attention. “I’m certain Mr. Hessen can handle being in charge of the final coordination.”

It was a logical decision. After all, Hessen, who has led practical management since the time of Herhardt’s predecessors, was also Mathias mentor, and taught him everything about the workings of the company.

If possible, a tenser silence enveloped the room after that.

One could only wonder about what was happening.

Was it true what the rumors said about the Duke? Has his health deteriorated? How badly did it affect him?

What will happen to the Herhardts now?

Everyone watched with bated breaths, wondering what was going on with the young Duke’s mind.

Slowly, Matthias got up from his seat. He must have conceded with the decision the executive director had come to.

“Once again, I apologize.” Regardless of how discouraged Matthias appeared at completing his work, his voice remained impassive, solemn and elegant. Still, how his eyes shifted in the air gave everyone a feeling of discomfort.

His presence screamed that he was someone wrapped in cold fire. No, he seemed to have become the very flame.

Still, the rest of the executives couldn’t help but feel disappointed once Matthias left the room. The murmurs eventually began as they continued to speculate on what was happening with the young Duke.

As he made his way away from the place, he felt the urge to take off his jacket, but his hand could barely unfasten his top buttons. He roughly pulled out his tie and crumpled it in his hands before shoving it in his breast pocket.

“I’ve no further need of your assistance or anyone else’s for the rest of the day,” Matthias ordered Mark Evers, who had been trailing behind him. His voice cracked at the end as he gave out the command.

His attendant hesitated for a moment, wondering if he should push to stay with his master, but Matthias kept walking down the marble steps through the magnificent lobby not even waiting for a response.

It didn’t take long for the young Duke to find himself staggering into a ridiculously bright world afterwards.


Chapter 117.




Forever be a Secret.







Rumors began spreading like wildfire throughout Arvis when Kyle Etman suddenly arrived. It threw everyone in even more confusion when he reappeared out of the blue!

Previous rumors largely believed that Kyle had whisked the gardener and Leyla out of Arvis, and had run away with them. While Mrs. Etman vehemently denied the allegations above, no one really believed her.

They knew how much Kyle loved Leyla. It wouldn’t have been such a stretch to believe they would elope. It would have been the perfect ending for the two love birds to find their happy ending somewhere else, away from all the fuss…

And yet, Kyle was here, in Arvis.

And it broke all their illusion of a fairytale ending coming true, for even he knew not where Leyla and her uncle had gone to.

“Kyle!” a familiar voice fleeted into Kyle’s ears, making him stop in his tracks upon his arrival, “Kyle!”

Kyle turned around, and saw Mrs. Mona rush out of the kitchen doors, coming towards him in great hurry. She huffed out momentarily as she slowed down, pausing right in front of him, and Kyle bowed at her respectfully in greeting.

“Do you know where Leyla and Remmer are?” She immediately asked him without any preamble, grabbing him in her haste, and Kyle blinked in shock, before looking somber and giving her a terse shake with his head.

It was plain for all to see, he had no idea where the two people had gone.

He’d already informed his father earlier he meant to return to Arvis, to inquire about Leyla and Uncle Bill’s disappearance and figure out their whereabouts. But Dr. Etman had only chided him at his futile effort in looking for them, demanding immediately he go back to school and stay there instead of participating in this folly.

But Kyle had learned to be stubborn.


“I’m sorry to disappoint you, but I don’t know where they are.” He told Mrs. Mona, who looked particularly disappointed to hear him say so, and immediately waved his apology.

“Oh don’t apologize boy, I’m sorry for suddenly springing it up on you.” She quickly amended, Kyle could see her eyes begin to tear up as she looked around aimlessly and tried to wipe a tear off the corner of her eyes subtly.

Eventually, she let him go, and apologized for suddenly grabbing him. Kyle only smiled at her reassuringly, before bidding goodbye, and walking fast past the garden.

He eventually came upon the forest, and being in it, and seeing it again after so long gave him an odd sense of hope. Somewhere in his mind, although irrational, he couldn’t help but believe that when he’d reach the cabin…

They’ll be there when he opens the door. That they decided to return to Arvis after all…

And so he kept walking, carefully cradling that hope in his chest like a precious, fragile treasure. But when he reached the opening leading to the cabin, his hopes crashed to pieces as he saw the overgrown weeds around the small house.

They really were gone.

“Leyla…” Kyle softly called out, his voice trailing off in the end as he took in the cabin that had once been his home away from his parents. The longer he stood there, and stared at the cabin, the more the strength seemed to leave his legs…

And he dropped sobbing onto the forest ground, sobbing and aimlessly calling out for Leyla, her name slipping out of his lips. Birds flew overhead with his wailing, his cries echoing all over the empty forest…

But still, only silence greeted him back.

Leyla was not in Arvis.








Matthias found himself wandering around. Half of him couldn’t believe he was unable to find a more suitable thing to do after he’d been dismissed for a business meeting. And so he laughed…

And laughed some more as he walked, unbelieving and in denial of the utter ridiculousness he was showcasing.


Perhaps this was the result of the sleeping pills he kept taking then? All he knew was that everything seemed so real, and yet unrealistic at the same time. He’s awake, but reality feels as though he’s floating in a listless dream…

He also had, as of the moment, a splitting headache. His whole body was throbbing with numbness and heat, he felt as though he was burning up, and yet at the same time, he felt freezing!

Matthias couldn’t seem to stop walking, though; his legs kept pushing on, even as logic begged himself to stop and rest.

He’d endure this pain. Pain was more welcome than more memories of her. More memories of Leyla, and he’d just spiral more into the fading memories of her beauty and their time together, and where would that leave him?

Nowhere but in ruins.

Was this true desperation? If it was, this was the first time Matthias ever felt like this.

He needed Leyla to come back to him. She must come back to him. He needed her to live his life as it had been before…

And Matthias bursted into another breathless laugh as he begged her to return to him.

‘You worked so hard to make me like this, you should be generous enough to appreciate seeing me like this too.’ Matthias wistfully thought of her…

“Come back…” he muttered out of his breath, aimlessly looking around for any sign of her, as he smiled and chuckled dryly to himself when he still couldn’t see her anywhere nearby.

“Come back.” He reiterated.

He wanted her back with him, to see her laugh at his misery without her. He wanted to see her smile at the broken man she made him to be.

Even just like this, he needed to see her again. He wanted to see her again, even in his misery. Even if she hated him, he wanted her back.

And so he grit his teeth in anticipation, and his pace quickened as he continued walking around aimlessly…

Before he knew it, he reached the road back to Arvis. The familiar Platanus road in front of him beckons his calm, and the image of Leyla the last time he saw her appears in front of his eyes…

She was looking at him so earnestly, wishing for him to love her; it made him stumble in his steps as he drew closer to that spot once more. She’s always been his magnet. He’d always been so drawn to her, that without her, he couldn’t find his way back to sanity…

One step closer to her, and another and another…

She smiled at him encouragingly…

He reached out to touch her…

And she was gone.

She wasn’t in front of him. Just a mere hallucination of her.

Matthias’ breathing came in ragged puffs, his tired eyes staring desperately on the last spot he’d seen her in the flesh. There was nothing there. Just his shadow looming over her last spot.

She’s gone.

Leyla left him. And she’ll never be his again.

Laughter bubbled up and exploded from Matthias’s chest as he threw his head back, hands coming up to grab onto the sides of his head, hoping to grab onto his remaining sanity in the process. He thought he should be crying, it certainly felt like he should be, but only laughter came out of his lips.

When the laughter died down considerably, Matthias only sighed and kept walking, and into Arvis he went.

He should be returning to the mansion, but his feet had other plans, and led him back to the forest. The forest that housed Leyla’s world in his. It loomed ominously over him, but Matthias only cared about seeing Leyla…

He needed to be with her again.

Entering the forest made him relive all of his memories, and hers as recounted in her childhood diary. Every meeting he’d had with her, every time he teased her to his heart’s content, and every time Leyla ran away from him in fear…

He remembered one incident in their childhood. He’d been so annoyed with her always running away from his presence, he purposely directed the horse he’d been riding to stop her in her tracks.

She’d been by the grass before, and when he physically blocked her from escaping, he watched in satisfaction when she froze in fear as she looked up at him. Like the child she was, she quickly turned back around and into the road she fell over and rolled on the ground…

But she just got back up and kept running from him.

As though sensing he was no longer following her, she stopped and looked back at him, physically wondering why he wasn’t following her. Matthias could feel her eyes on him, and he could only laugh at her ridiculousness, watching as she marched back into their small cabin.


She amused him, for a coward, she sure was bold. And ever since then, Matthias upped the ante on his pranks on her, wanting to see more and more of her reactions. He was addicted to her, he didn’t want to stop riling her up.

But the more he grew up, the more he realized she was like a deer instead. And afterwards, he tried acting indifferent around her instead…

And then he left, and met her again as a full-grown woman on that summer day, and a whole new obsession awoke inside of him at seeing her in full bloom.

If someone asked him when his obsession with her began, he couldn’t tell. Perhaps he’d just always been obsessed with her, so hyper-aware of everything she did; it was just normal for him to be so drawn to her.

And he kept watch of her, from the small scared girl, to his bold beautiful queen, he’d seen her evolve through the years…

And he liked what he saw.

But he hadn’t seen her how she began, nor would he ever see how she’ll end up to be. All because she left him…

Now what did that leave him?

What was he supposed to do without her? He can’t have things with Leyla be over. Even as he looked around now, all he could see were their memories together, through Leyla’s eyes. Every word she recounted…

They all kept ringing in his head, and none of them felt as vibrant before, marred by the knowledge of Leyla’s feelings. Still, Matthias couldn’t stop laughing as he kept recalling every single memory.

Always, she tried to run away from him. Always, she cried in fear of him. If what he had with her, all those nights they made love with each other were just all an act of revenge for her, then all he really had of her were her fears and pain.

Everything in him was empty, still, he couldn’t let her go. He doesn’t want to. She was meant to be part of his life, she always should be.

She shook him straight to the core on their first meeting, and he couldn’t stand that. And so he pushed, and pulled on her, bullying her with every moment that presented itself, giving her gifts in compensation…

Even the satisfaction he had at seeing her cry because of him made him feel powerful and safe in some way. He affected her, as much as she affected him.

But he never once wished for her to disappear from his life.


Looking back on his actions, he could only laugh at how ridiculous everything had been. He should have ignored her long before, like everything he did with something that bothered him. It had always been enough back then…

But Matthias didn’t want to get rid of her so easily. He wanted her beside him, even if she kept begging for him, and crying because of him, he would take anything…

So long as she stayed beside him forever, as someone that was his.

His Leyla.

Something caught his attention in the corner of his eye. Matthias stopped in his tracks, as he saw movement. He whipped his head to its direction, and felt the jolt of hope die back down to a numbing feeling at who he saw at the end of the road…

The man who held everything he wanted from Leyla.

Kyle Etman.








It was an odd feeling, Kyle mused to himself, seeing the Duke in front of him right now. He once believed if he ever saw that man again, he would kill him. And yet now, even as his heart sank, Kyle could only look at him blankly.

He wasn’t eager to see him again for sure, but when he stepped closer, his heart continued to throb painfully at the memory of Leyla begging him to leave her alone…

“I love him!” her painful cry of confessing her love to the Duke echoed loudly in the back of his mind.

As much as he wanted to believe she was lying to protect him from the Duke, Kyle couldn’t deny the small ounce of truth he could hear in Leyla’s tone.

On that day he visited Leyla in her cabin, to ask for one more chance to win her heart, he knew for sure. Even as he was blinded by his anger at seeing the Duke and Leyla having an affair with one another…

He knew Leyla loved the Duke. Some part of her genuinely did.

It wouldn’t matter what kind of trick the Duke had up his sleeve, or blackmail he had, he knew Leyla was a smart woman. If she truly wanted to, she would have found a way out of her predicament.

Some part of her wanted the same thing as the Duke. Because that’s the type of person Leyla really was.

Nothing could make her do something she didn’t want to. No matter how powerful the person was.

And that’s why that night was so painful for Kyle.

More than the knowledge this wasn’t an equal relationship, more than Leyla’s rejection of him…

It was that he never really had her love.

She might not acknowledge it herself, and perhaps the Duke hadn’t realized it either. But Kyle could see it. And it seemed among the three of them that night, Kyle was the only one who could see the truth in front of them.

And what a bitter pill it was to swallow. That Kyle would lose his best friend, to a man who could never truly care for what he had. And now, the man he knew for sure only further broke Leyla, and lost her in the end.

What an irony it was.

But Kyle kept moving forward, stopping in front of the poorly kept appearance of the Duke, glaring at him with all the contempt he could muster. The Duke was glaring at him with a fierce sharpness absent in a drunken man’s gaze, but Kyle couldn’t exclude the possibility he wasn’t either.

But Kyle wanted to say something. His heart wouldn’t let him walk away without giving this faux perfect Duke a piece of his mind, and possibly, his heart.

“Are you proud of yourself, Duke?” He asked through a calm rage, “You’ve ruined Leyla like this.”

The Duke just kept his sharp gaze on him.

“Do you regret what you’ve done now?” Kyle asked, “Do you see how you destroyed the one good thing in your life?”

The Duke wasn’t answering still.

“Or maybe you don’t regret anything, huh?” Kyle scoffed, “Are you perhaps happy she’s gone? All traces of your infidelity gone, and nothing would hinder your image of a perfect Duke?”

More silence reigned between the two, and Kyle deemed it useless to talk to someone who’d never regret anything he’d done. Just as he was about to leave, finally, the Duke spoke up…

“You don’t know where she is, do you?”

It wasn’t a taunting question, but a genuine inquiry.

“Where did Leyla disappear?” the Duke’s voice asked quietly, “You, Kyle Etman, don’t know either.” He mumbled. Kyle turned back to him with a calm rage, the medical student biting his lips to prevent himself from making a bigger spectacle of everything.

He wanted to keep Leyla’s affair with the Duke a secret, to protect her.


The Duke was grinning at him smugly, as though happy he was also excluded from Leyla’s plans. And it was like he was really happy with this piece of information. Kyle couldn’t help but scoff under his breath, muttering about how crazy the Duke had gotten.

He heard from his father about the Duke’s condition, and he wasn’t ashamed to admit it gave him an odd sense of vengeance to know how devastated the Duke had been without Leyla.

The Duke was now chuckling and laughing to himself, and Kyle could only continue to watch him in great disappointment.

“Tell me Duke, did you ever see her as a human?” Kyle asked him, genuinely curious what the Duke really thought of Leyla. “Someone that’s beyond just her beauty? A prize to have? She’s not an object you can just own!” Kyle exclaimed, the hands in his pockets clenched into fists.

And Kyle went off at him at how Leyla was her own person, and not someone he could keep as his own! She has her dreams, thoughts, feelings, and her own morals.

“Do you even know how hard she tried to change what people thought of her? How hard she had to work so she could reach the life she had before you ruined her?!” He asked again, but aside from the laughter stopping, the Duke remained staring at him blankly.

He couldn’t read anything from the Duke at all. His eyes were blank and lifeless. And Kyle felt like a fool trying to get him to see what he did wrong with Leyla.

What could he expect from someone born with a silver spoon? What could he expect from someone who never had to worry about what people thought of them?

Nothing.

“I just, how could you do that to her?” Kyle’s voice cracked as he asked the question, “To Leyla! Leyla who-” the words got choked up in Kyle’s throat…

‘To the person who loved you?!’

He wanted to scream it in his face, but saying it out loud would only make it more real. Leyla chose someone who ruined her life, and could never appreciate her for who she really was, to someone who loved her despite his own short-comings.

He wasn’t free of fault; he knew their engagement fell apart because of him as well. But Leyla chose the Duke over him, and that only watered his hatred with the Duke. No amount of tears he shed for her would change that.

He had begged her to stop the affair, and offered to help her escape…

But she didn’t take his hand. She didn’t accept him to save her. She only answered that she knew he would destroy her, and willfully chose to stay, even as she cried admitting to it.


“You don’t deserve her.” Kyle finally said, calming down, and stared down at the Duke, “You don’t deserve to ever find her again. Not even a glance of her. You deserve nothing from her.”

Kyle held the Duke’s gaze, speaking his true thoughts on the matter.

“And I hope you never find her, so just continue on with your life as you had been. You’re good at that.” Kyle spat at him, “Good luck with your wedding next month. I hope you and your Duchess your best life.”

Kyle gave him a mocking bow, eyes still locked on the Duke’s, as well as he straightened up.

“Have a long life on your own, you son of a bitch.” Kyle finished, and finally walked away from the bane of his existence.

He prayed earnestly to the deities above to give the Duke a long life, and for them to keep Leyla away from him even to his dying death…

And for Leyla’s feelings for the Duke to forever be a secret.

Just like this, Kyle wished for the Duke to keep suffering for his actions…

Until his dying breath.


Chapter 118.




There’s No Way.







Rumors about Duke Herhardt’s rapidly declining health began to spread like wildfire throughout the upper-class society in Carlsbar. Talking about the Duke taking a break was stirring up interest left and right amongst the nobles.

Most had initially brushed the rumor as just that, a rumor. But the Duke’s prolonged absence only seemed to prove it more as time passed by.

The Duke of Arvis was simply gone from all usual appearances he’s had. Not even in the official offices he’d usually be seen in.

People who’d come to Arvis and pay a visit to him had also been denied his presence. No one could see him. And the intrigue of everyone only peaked the more the Duke became elusive. Whenever anyone would ask, the official word from the Herhardts was that the Duke had been overworked.

Overworked? Did that mean the marriage would be delayed once again? As those rumors arose, it was clear Claudine von Brandt couldn’t remain silent upon the matter any further.

Hence, her visit to the mansion today.

She’d arrive early and swiftly in Arvis, where the servants were thrown off by her arrival. Immediately they went to fetch the current lady of the house. Elysee von Herhardt came striding gracefully into the sitting room, where they exchanged pleasantries before Claudine immediately cut to the chase…

As expected, the Duke’s matriarch began to pull excuses left and right.

“I don’t think you could see him today Claudine,” Elysee smiled apologetically at her, “I believe he’s still in deep sleep.”

“Still asleep?”

“Yes, he’s just been so tired lately, from work,” Elysee quickly added, “We opt to give him his time and space to rest as much as we can.”

“Oh well, I don’t want to disturb him from his rest of course,” Claudine quickly agreed, “But if it’s all right, I just want to see him, even when he’s asleep. I’m so concerned for him, you see.”

Elysee pursed his lips, before smiling stiffly at her.

“You and I both know Matthias dislikes it very much to have anyone intruding on his privacy, especially while he’s in the annex.”

“Well, I am his fiance, privacy between us shouldn’t exist.” Claudine insisted stubbornly with a smile. Normally she would let this slide, wanting things to run smooth between her and her soon-to-be in-laws, but she was more determined to smoothen out whatever wrinkles appeared in her engagement.

She will not be deterred today.

Eventually, Elysee did give in to her subtle demands to see her betrothed, and allowed her to visit the ailing Duke. She, too, understood the concerns the young woman had regarding their marriage.

They must know if things should be pushed back, or if they could proceed as scheduled. More and more likely, it seems as though Matthias’ condition isn’t improving, the less likely he’ll be ready for his wedding within the next month.

Claudine and Matthias needed to talk.

“Alright then,” Elysee relented to her, “If you’re certain you won’t be disturbing his rest.” She reminded her softly, and Claudine smiled pleasantly.

“Of course, thank you so much for your permission.”

And without further adieu, Claudine gathered up the beautifully arranged bouquet she brought along, to give to Matthias, and walked towards the annex with a certain bounce in her steps.

She got in her car, and there they drove down the riverside and towards the Duke’s annex. And throughout that right, Claudine’s pleasant smile turned into a cold indifference in the safety of her car’s privacy.

She wondered how badly the Duke’s condition had gotten. Could he even bear to stand? Or will he just simply collapse?

Either way, she was expecting him not to be nearly presentable as he usually was. And she wanted to see his misery. To see the perfect Duke be brought to his knees…

But then again, it would also be disastrous if the Duke began to lose face in the public. Claudine must ensure whatever misery he had, would not interfere with her plans. She must ensure the power the Herhardts had would not be lost by the time she married into their family.

Still, it was a little surreal to know the Duke had gotten this terribly because his mistress had disappeared from him.

She clicked her tongue distastefully, before smiling in a pleasing manner at the sight of the annex.


The chauffeur rolled the car to a stop, and got out to immediately open up her door. Claudine smiled at him gratefully, before raking her eyes over the majestic annex by the river. At a distance, it looked to be floating in the river itself.

Her stomach churned uncomfortably, but she couldn’t deny the excitement upon seeing the Duke’s true condition. It was exhilarating! She never thought she’d ever see the day the Duke would be so miserable!

Perhaps she should thank Leyla for making this thing possible too!

Upon her arrival, the lone attendant was startled upon her appearance!

“Lady Brandt-!”

Claudine quickly explained her wishes, and watched as the attendant squirmed. He seemed to be under strict orders to not let anyone disturb him, but hearing Claudine had the matriarch’s position made him relent eventually.

He quietly led her up to the drawing-room he’d been residing in for a while, and knocked on the doors.

“My Lord, Lady Brandt has come to visit you.” He announced loudly, patiently waiting for a response.

When nothing came, he quietly slipped into the room, and took a pause.

Matthias was currently on the phone, talking to someone. His hair was wet, rivulets of water dripping down his shirt, creating damp spots.

He must have just gotten out of the shower then. If he could hazard a guess on what the phone call was about, it was most probably about Miss Lewellin. He’d still not stopped searching.

As the search for Mr. Remmer and Miss Lewellin continued to bore no fruit, the Duke took leave of all his duties and began actively seeking her out instead of just leaving it to other personnel.

He’d used every connection he had and all means he could to track down the whereabouts of the two.

Still, there seemed only to be little progress.

It was the only thing the Duke would ever get up to these days as well. Day and night, he’d busied himself looking for Miss Lewellin. And whenever he’s tired, he’d just quickly pop in the medicine and proceed to sleep like the dead…

When he’s not sleeping, he’s just sitting out on the balcony; eyes trailed nowhere in front of him. He’d occasionally laugh to himself, but then nothing again.

Clicks of heels against polished floors startled Mark Evers, making him remember why he’d entered the drawing-room in the first place.

“My Lady Brandt, my Lord is still-”

“Step aside.” Claudine interrupted him immediately.

“But my Lord is still-”

“That’s an order, Evers.” Claudine snapped, and Mark Evers snapped his mouth shut. Vaguely he took note of his master bidding goodbye over the phone, and bowed his head at her and stepped aside.

Matthias finally put the phone down, and faced Claudine, not even bothered by his state of undress. He rose to his full height, locking eyes with his fiance. He was still dressed in a bathrobe, taking Claudine aback by how inappropriate it was to see him like this.

But Claudine would not be cowered by Matthias either.

“It’s good to see you, my Duke.” she greeted pleasantly at him. Matthias only stared at her disinterestedly. She took it as a chance to keep talking, “I heard my fiance had gotten sick, and I couldn’t stay away so I’ve decided to visit you.”

Matthias hummed thoughtfully.

“I see, take a seat.” Matthias told her.

It was a little disheartening, that even with her surprise visit, Matthias could hardly be bothered to be surprised by her. She got all excited for nothing.

He was still acting like his usual self, and smiled at her politely without it ever reaching his eyes. He was still acting like the perfect Duke everyone knew. From his tone, attitude and gesture…

Claudine could tell, he had not changed at all. Broken, maybe, but not changed.

And so she sat as he ordered her to do so, and offered the bouquet to him. His smile widened at the sight of the flowers, but Claudine had a feeling it was not because he appreciated her gesture, but more of the roses itself was what amused him.

“I apologize for my appearance.” He finally said to her, his smile slipping back to the usual one he’d show everyone else, “I’m afraid you caught me off guard, as such I am not dressed to greet you appropriately. If you don’t mind waiting, until I am?”

Claudine straightened up and smiled at him in faux understanding.

“Please, take as much time as you need.” She acquiesced. Matthias nodded his head at her in acknowledgment before sluggishly leaving the room. She eyed him critically, before looking all over the place in thought…

Why was he staying in the annex?


Tea was soon served in front of her, and Claudine took careful sips of the warm drink as she continued to examine the sitting room she was residing in. She couldn’t help but wonder, if perhaps it was because this was the place they had their dalliance in?

She shuddered in deep-seated disgust at the thought of them romping all over the annex. She felt like she was currently rolling around in the mud!

Before she could dwell on it further, Matthias had returned, all dressed and presentable with a flimsy white shirt, and pants. His wet bed hair still scrunched up haphazardly.

“Are you upset I came here without your permission?” She immediately asked, looking up at him defiantly as he stared down at her.

She could see how low he’d gotten. He looked worse for wear, but still he intimidated her. If not, perhaps, even more than he usually did.

“No,” Matthias replied, sluggishly moving to the seat opposite of her, “You are welcome here, anytime.” He told her offhandedly, “Besides, it’s good you came to visit me.” He told her, “I was thinking about meeting with you as well.”

Claudine stiffened at that statement, and narrowed her eyes critically over at the Duke.

“What is it?” She immediately inquired, “What are you thinking about?”

Immediately she racked her mind with what topics they could possibly need to deal with together, nothing else came to mind aside from…

“Is it about our wedding?” She asked, an undertone of worry seeping through her voice.

“Yes.” Matthias hummed peacefully, “It is about the upcoming wedding.” He smiled at her calmly, while Claudine could feel a storm rolling up within her.

“If it’s postponing the wedding due to your health, then forget about it. I only care that you can walk in our wedding, nothing else. I’ll take care of everything else, you just keep recovering well enough to walk in our matrimony.” She quickly reassured, and Matthias smiled calmly at her.

It did nothing to ease the churning in her gut.

“The wedding will not be anything you will worry about.” Matthias hummed pleasantly.

“No, there’s no problem with proceeding as planned with the wedding.” Claudine quickly agreed.

“My Lady-”

“Stop.” Claudine demanded softly, “Don’t speak anymore of this. I don’t want to hear it!” She looked away, visibly upset.

She could feel it coming.

All her plans…

“Claudine von Brandt.” Matthias’ sharp tone broke everything into tiny sharp pieces. And Claudine looked at him, eyes wide in alarm.

The atmosphere between the two began to change. The tension had suddenly become so thick, one could cut it with a knife.

A pregnant silence reigned between the two, and all Claudine could think about was that the last time he’d spoken to her so harshly was when they weren’t engaged yet.

“Our engagement has run its course,” Matthias hummed, resting his head on the knuckles of his hand as he reclined leisurely on the sofa across from her, “Let’s end it here.”







“Take it easy, dear,” a worried voice startled Leyla from behind her, “You might get hurt in the process.”

Leyla only smiled pleasantly at them in return, fixing her glasses up in her eyes. She’d been so immersed in organizing the samples in front of her, she hadn’t noticed them coming up from behind.

“Oh don’t worry about me,” She reassured them, “It’s not so difficult after all.”

The words in her native tongue flowed out rather smoothly. When they first arrived in Lovita, Leyla could hardly manage to speak once more in her mother language. She spent such a long time away from using it, it took her a while to speak it so fluently once more.

“I like you Ms. Lewellin, you’re very intelligent.” They praised her, “Well then, I’ll head out first. Be sure to finish this early and lock up on your way out.”

They bid each other goodbye with Leyla’s companion, a middle-aged doctor, going home first and leaving her on her own. As soon as they left, silence was Leyla’s companion once again.

She finished up organizing the last of the biological samples she needed to examine, packing them up nicely and securely in small packages. She also made sure to declutter the desk filled with books and straying documents as she locked up.

Once all done, she locked up the door behind her, finally going home for the day.

Her hand gripped the straps of her sling bag tight, braving the steps through the hallway. Sunlight was fading softly in the sky outside as she looked through the windows in the hall. The lowering sun painted soft hues of orange and pink overhead.


Beautiful sunsets like this were the norm in Sienna, a coastal city, just south of Lovita. It was also hailed for its beautiful beaches and harbors. It was not as big as Berg’s, but its culture was just as rich as any city.

It also housed a fairly large natural history museum, which was affiliated mainly with the research institute, which also happened to be another of Sienna’s specialties.

Before stopping by the local market, Leyla wasted no time heading towards the post, mailing the packages she’d wrapped up quickly.

Upon her arrival, she quickly scanned the display for good quality peaches, which she’d just been craving for lately.

She couldn’t help but muse in thought that if she’d still be in Arvis, she would just need to pick these up in the forest. She chuckled half-heartedly, shaking the thought of the far-away place out of her head.

Thinking about it always brought an empty pit in her stomach, and unwanted flashbacks of an unwanted man.

There was no point wondering how he was doing. He’ll be getting married soon.

Her stomach coiled uncomfortably in thought of it. Next thing she knew, she was walking along the path that headed for home. She’d spaced out just now…

She also failed to see the incoming bicycle she’d stepped in front of!

The last thing she knew was a sharp cry of pain, and the familiar sounds of a bike crashing nearby.







A deafening silence reigned between the two, with Claudine glaring daggers at Matthias’ calm

demeanor. Her fingers twitched on her lap, wondering if he was joking. But Matthias’ steady gaze on her was shouting at her he was dead serious.

Time seemed to stop for Claudine as he heard him say it. Eventually, it was time to break the silence.

“Such poor humor you have, my Duke.” Claudine brushed off with a stiffened smile, “You mustn’t joke about things like this so easily.” She took deep breaths, before trying to calm herself down. “You must really be ill as it’s clouding your judgment like this, so I’ll let it slide just this once.”

“I’m dead serious.” Matthias clarified coolly, unbothered by the growing turmoil in front of him, “I’ve never had a clearer decision made than this.” He answered plainly. “The engagement is off, there will be no wedding.” He reiterated.


“No!” Claudine snapped, “I will not let you choose some orphan as your next Duchess to replace me!” She exclaimed in frustration as she got up from her seat and began to pace furiously back and forth…

“You’re no longer a child Claudine!” Her mother’s voice rang in her head, making her stop in her tracks.

“It’s time you start acting like a lady!” phantom pains of her mother’s nails digging into her shoulders made Claudine feel cold all over.

She was mortified she said it out loud! What kind of a lady was she that she couldn’t hold her tongue in?! She’d be humiliated as both a high lady of society and in front of her family should her engagement be broken off!

This was her sole purpose, the one thing her mother asked her so many years ago as she brought her to Arvis. To secure her place as the next Duchess Herhardt. She must stop now before she made an even bigger fool of herself…

But all her training seemed to leave her as rage and frustration filled her up.

“You know?” Matthias perked up in slight interest, but not really bothered that Claudine knew. In his perspective, it made things easier to break off since she already knew.

“How could I not?!” Claudine exclaimed, “I watched her as a child, and I knew one way or another, she’d be your mistress, and would stay by your side as long as she could!” She pointed out, and her pacing resumed.

“What’s worse than that is you don’t even think about the people around you, don’t you?”

Immediately Claudine began pointing out how he’d been blatantly flaunting his affair out in public with no thought of his family, her or her name at all! He’d just gone off and began galavanting with his preferred woman in his arms!

Matthias only raised his eyebrows in intrigue, but couldn’t find it in himself to take the accusations at heart.

“But you don’t care about me or anyone else, so how about your little orphan’s feelings, huh!?” Claudine seethed at him, “Even if I was fine with breaking off the engagement, which I’m not, do you really think she’d be willing to marry you? The man who terrorized her, her whole life!?”

A silence rang between the two nobles as Claudine breathed heavily, before a snarky smile made its way through her lips.

“If you’re lucky enough, perhaps you can find her. But mark my words, she’ll never be yours.” Claudine straightened out, looking down on his languishing form haughtily, “Especially not after I told her everything you did behind her back.”

“Everything?” Matthias’ eyes narrowed at Claudine.


“Yes, everything.” Claudine confirmed proudly, “I told her every little scheme of yours I knew, how you, the great Duke of Arvis orchestrated everything to make her life difficult, to push her into your arms. How you masterminded every wrong thing that happened to her, or gotten involved in to ensure she winds up with you.”

Finally, something in Matthias’ expression changed. No longer was he holding an amused indifference, but rather something unreadable, and unfamiliar to Claudine.

“Do you think after everything, she’ll really come back to you? No sane woman would ever choose to love a man such as you. No sane woman could ever love you.” She finished, and sat back down across from him.

“So let go of this hubris of yours that you can find a happy ever after with Leyla, because you won’t.” Claudine huffed out, “I on the other hand, am prepared to shackle my fate with yours as the next Duchess.”

Matthias eyed her unconvincingly, still obviously confident he could in fact find his Leyla. In fact, he even looked more amused at Claudine confidently declaring Leyla won’t ever come back to him.

Fine, if he was willing to be silent, she might as well enjoy taking this chance to voice out everything she had wanted to tell him for a long time.

“Hasn’t it sunk in on your genius head yet, my Duke, Matthias von Herhardt?” She inquired mockingly, “You’ve lost your mistress.”

She smiled at him pleasantly.

“You’ve lost Leyla Lewellin forever.”


Chapter 119.




Exit.







Uneven thumping could be heard as Leyla slowly made her way up the stairs to her home. The bike hitting her had been painful, but manageable at least that she could limp home with just a bruised knee and a sprained ankle. Hence, there was no need to make a big fuss out of it.

It wasn’t a big deal to her after all.

She soon walked in through their apartment door, ignoring the way her stomach began to churn once more. She pushed on and changed clothes and arranged stuff around their small home until it continued churning.

Her stomach was still persistently upset. Her eyes drifted towards the peaches. She didn’t understand the sudden craving of the fruit, it was the only thing she had wanted to eat lately, and nothing else.

She hummed contently to herself, palms washing the peaches, putting them on a tray, and displaying them on the center of the table. Her stomach churned once more, her hands absentmindedly rubbing her stomach in a smoothing motion.

The discomfort was very reminiscent of when she’d been hit by the bike earlier, still it wasn’t anything new. No alarm to be had there at all, save for the slight aches on her knees and sprained ankle.

Her stomach began to settle down once more, and Leyla proceeded once more with the stuff she wanted to finish, before the uncomfortable churning returned with a vengeance…

She felt like she was about to hurl!

She groaned quietly, hunching on her stomach to stifle the feeling. She didn’t know how long she stood there in that position; trying as she might to move back to her room, she couldn’t help the paired onslaught of dizziness that usually accompanied her upset stomach.

She was so busy trying not to feel nauseous, oftentimes she’d forget the complicated memories that usually kept her up at night ever since they moved to Lovita.

Eventually her stomach calmed down once more, and Leyla straightened out, huffing out in relief momentarily, before limping towards the kitchen window to open it up and let some fresh air in.


Almost immediately the salty sea air wafted into the small home, wisping gently around Leyla’s face as she breathed it in. She shivered involuntarily, unexpectedly feeling a little cold.

She walked back into the kitchen, taking time to assess which peach looked scrumptious, and grabbed it before deftly taking a bite out of it. She hummed in delight, savoring the juicy fruit in her mouth in complete satisfaction.

Before she knew it, she finished one whole peach, and was grabbing onto another.

In no time, it was finished as well.








With the early summer sky reflected on the shimmering waters down below, one could almost call the day ahead as peaceful.

The clouds overhead flowed seamlessly at a normal pace, and the birds flew in and out of their trees. The light bouncing on the cerulean waters seemed almost unrealistic. The sound of flowing water only added more to the serenity in the ambiance.

From there, Matthias, who had lately surrendered himself to the current flow of time around himself, was beginning to take back control over his actions. It was like he’d been swimming so frantically before, creating long ripples around him that he couldn’t see what was happening beneath him.

Now that he’d calmed down, and the ripples in his waters ebbed into a laminar flow, it was like everything was cleared for him.

Just as the pain in his body kept increasing, the calmer, Matthias found, his mind would be. And so he held fast onto it, and kept clinging into it.

Dr. Etman had indeed reduced the dosage of the sleeping pills he’d been prescribing. It was just as he threatened. He even had the audacity to pull the doctor’s card, insisting that his orders would always override the patient’s wants.

He’d been incredibly adamant about it, especially after hearing Matthias’ had slept for two whole days because of it.

Initially, he thought fix this little hiccup quickly by just going to another doctor…

But, the truth of the matter is that Matthias found an odd sense of relief in being lazy.


He even found it incredibly amusing to let the rumor of his declining health run rampant in his absence. The rumor was so widespread in Carlsbar that he’d started receiving countless offers from suspicious doctors lately.

Still, he was certain there wasn’t anything wrong with him, despite what all of them kept telling him. He needed no medicine, only sleep was what he required.

So, with the dosage lowered, he’d found another way to find sleep quickly.

And it was with exhaustion.

He found it to be just as effective as the sleeping pills. This way, he wasn’t exactly not taking care of himself. Exercising to the point of exhaustion, before plopping down on the bed dead tired was no different than the first dosage of sleeping pills he’s had.

“You’re begging for trouble if you continue like this, Duke Herhardt.” Dr. Etman chided him, tone heavy with a warning in a previous late-night visit. “Exercise and sleep were created to help improve our bodies, yes, but only with the right amount. The ‘enough’ amount. No less, and definitely, no more.”

Matthias hummed nonchalantly at the doctor.

“Exercise and sleep sound like a pretty healthy option to me.” He said with a smile that doesn’t really reach his eyes. But the doctor wasn’t feeling amused the least bit by him.

He proceeded to explain that sleep can’t be a cure to whatever had been ailing him. And putting his body to the point of exhaustion in the pretense of healthy living was only counterproductive in his health.

Matthias needed to address the source of his drastic change in habit and lifestyle, and find the proper and correct solution.

“It doesn’t matter what medicine I give, whether it’s sleeping pills or not, I can’t cure your illness for you. Not when you refuse to do anything to correct it!” Dr. Etman huffed out frustratingly, before sighing deeply to calm himself down.

Matthias vaguely wondered if this was how a father was supposed to sound like. The doctor had never spoken to him in a tone like this before. It convinced Matthias that this one was at least genuinely concerned for his health.

What a competent doctor his family had.

Somewhere in the back of his mind, he faintly thought, what a great person this doctor was.

This was the kind of man Kyle Etman was trying to become.

Matthias leaned back, and assessed his doctor with critical eyes. He could see the faint similarities of both father and son in their features. They both possessed the same passionate eyes…

The eye’s he’d seen shed a tear as he smiled in complete despair.

Truly, Kyle Etman and his Leyla would have been a match made in heaven.

If only Matthias was willing to let it happen and believe it was, as the people kept telling him. Perhaps his Leyla would be happy to become Mrs. Etman one day too.

And she’d go off to college, supported by a respectable good man. They’d live like a fairytale couple, all happy and sunshines for the rest of their lives…

She might even finally live comfortably later on in life, in the way she’d been unable to when she was still a child.

Instead, he turned her into a sniveling mistress, so afraid and desperate to get away from the man who called her his.

Deep down, Matthias could still find no regrets for his actions. It led Leyla to him after all. And even if he were to rewind time, back to their first meeting…

He wouldn’t change a damn thing at all.

Even if he were to be given a hundred different chances to change the way he did things…

He’d STILL. DO. THE. SAME.

He was certain of himself after all, and had complete confidence in every action he’d taken. He’d admit as much that personality-wise, Kyle Etman was the better choice between the two of them…

But he wasn’t the kind of noble Kyle was. Try as he might to pull the same advances as every gentleman should, but he couldn’t fake himself in front of his mistress.

It was impossible to be anyone but himself in front of Leyla.

And so he strived to break her, so long as she was with him forever. He’d rather see her crying and begging with him, than happy to be in another man’s arms…

Perhaps, it would have been better if he’d killed her even. That way, she’d never be another man’s.

But, was that even the problem anymore? Is killing her an acceptable solution to the glaring problem right now?

In the solace of his thoughts, Matthias grinned somberly to himself.

No. The problem he had right now was that she’s gone.

He’d lost his Leyla forever.


And for all Claudine revealed to him, he didn’t find any of her revelations surprising. Half of him already knew she’d been scheming something. But he found himself to be unbothered by it at all.

It was just like hearing a rumor, he supposed. Every one of them, even though they’re saying the same thing, from Claudine, even to Kyle Etman. It was all just hearsay that he wouldn’t find his Leyla…

That he did not deserve to find her.

He already knew that, but still. He couldn’t help but scour for her. He’d rake every inch of the empire, and even the world to find her again.

To have her again.

Feeling the remaining strength of his body leave, Matthias eventually rose out of the bath water he’d been in. He could see in his reflection how sharper his features had become, how hollowed his face appeared than before.

Still, he appeared as robust, especially with the way the water dripped down on the front of his chest, reflecting the sunlight seeping in through the windows.

“If you truly think you don’t find my services satisfactory anymore, please tell me now, Duke.” Dr. Etman huffed out in continuation as he busied himself with his apparatus, “I have no trouble referring you to a different doctor that would be better equipped to take care and advise you. Because I don’t know how much longer I can do this, Duke Herhardt.”

Dr. Etman straightened up, and looked at Matthias straight in the eye.

“I refuse to keep having my expert opinions ignored, and watch you waste yourself away wallowing.”

Matthias only chuckled in amusement, even as the poor doctor kept eyeing him with great concern. It didn’t matter which doctor he went to. He knew Dr. Etman was the best of the best, but no medicine would fix him…

Not unless that medicine was his Leyla. Or perhaps a god.

‘Maybe a change in scenery would be good.’ Matthias mused to himself, ‘Should I get a vacation away from Arvis for a while?’

Immediately he shook the thought out of his head. The only reason he’d survived so long was because he moved away from every busybody in the main house, and into seclusion to a place that held many memories of his precious time with Leyla.

She was the only one Matthias would willingly worship without hesitation. This place was like her temple.

The place she wept, begged and feared in…


A place she laid herself bare and accepted him into her. Perhaps many religious people would understand him better, with the way he’d bound himself faithfully to Leyla…

It wasn’t any different from how they worshiped their deities.

His senses were beginning to blur. Should he return now? Absent-mindedly, his body began to move sluggishly.

His muscles and limbs were screaming in protest with every movement. It felt like they would break under his decreased weight, but Matthias found no reason to stop.

Stopping only made him afraid of what would happen.

What would happen when he no longer remembered Leyla and their time together? What would become of him? What if one day, he’d suddenly stop searching for her?

His chest tightened at the thought of forgetting Leyla, and never seeing her again.

Never. He won’t survive that.

She was like a majestic tree, thriving in the middle of a roaring river. The sight of her was the only thing that could give him back his sanity, and clear his head back to perfection once more!

She looked a lot like that tree she loved climbing so much! He could vividly see her laughing as he closed his eyes, watching the way her gold hair billowed out behind her enticingly, her melodic laugh filtering into his ears…

Such a bittersweet illusion…

Matthias smiled mirthlessly as he found himself in the middle of a calmed river, not a tree in sight anymore.

Life was meaningless like this. All stagnant and quiet. What else was he living for if not for her? It was like sinking. He could feel him sinking in, but he had no will to save himself from it…

He couldn’t help but recall many of Leyla’s journal entries in times like this.

Her life was so different from his. Where the world had been generous and kind to him, they’d been unforgiving and harsh with her. But she did her best anyway…

But she was gone, so that life of hers was gone too. He made it so that it was the only way she could think of.

His eyes opened and into the breaking dawn, he could see the golden sun beginning to wake up the world around him once more like clockwork. They shone much like Leyla’s tears whenever she’d beg him. A pleasant smile made its way to his lips.

The first one he was genuinely happy to do since she abandoned him forever.

It wouldn’t be so bad now, would it? To be lulled to sleep by her tears instead?

It was the last thought in Matthias’ mind before he succumbed once more to sleep. And when he’d open his eyes after that, a brighter smile made its way to him.

Leyla was here!

They lay side by side, eyes locked into each other, their bare bodies so close that he could feel her warmth next to him!

He wanted to grab her, praise how she’d returned to him! But instead…

He could only manage to reach out, and cup her cheeks faintly in reverence. She was as radiant as ever.

‘Leyla…’ his raspy voice echoed loudly in his head.

And then she was gone. And Matthias was awoken back to the reality of her disappearance. That was just another illusion. An echo of one of their many memories. The space beside him was empty and cold.

She’d never returned.

“Ah, you’re awake.” Matthias looked up, and saw Dr. Etman sitting on the chair beside him. He sighed in relief as soon as he saw the Duke awaken.

“It would have been tragic if your servants hadn’t found you in time by the river, Duke.”

He’d wandered off to the river? He barely remembered the walk there. Matthias was content to listen quietly to further scoldings of his doctor.

They’d found him yesterday. Just how long had he been sleeping?

It didn’t matter.

He was still tired.

How pathetic could he be, that he’d lose control over his motor functions, yet still wind up surviving a near-death drowning, and have to live to be scolded by his doctor?

They should have left him in his paradise. An illusionary world of just him and Leyla.

Were those times they looked at each other in comfortable silence just another lie of hers too?

‘What if it wasn’t?’ His mind rebelled wishfully.

‘But what if it was?’ The darker voice in his mind responded loudly.

He felt like a child once more, overwhelmed by everything around him, he shut everything out because it was much easier like this.

Still, he couldn’t help but wish to be with Leyla again.

He might not know how they’ll end up to be. He might not know for sure if he would be right for her. All he knew for sure was she was his purpose. Without her, there wasn’t anything in his life worth living for.

He can’t keep living without her.

‘Leyla, tell me what to do.’ He called out futilely to her.

“Duke Herhardt, do you hear what I’m saying?” Dr. Etman called out for him, but Matthias was vaguely paying him any attention by now. Every word of concern continued to fall on deaf ears.

Matthias was still stuck in his head, now thinking about his dead canary. The persistent songs of similar birds outside his open window kept him reliving every moment of when he’d known his bird was dead…

Matthias frantically stared at his open window with bloodshot eyes.

The song of his bird was gone. There had never been one at all. His canary had been dead. The song he’d been hearing was the one his canary kept singing to him…

Still, the canary was dead, and he couldn’t help but find a little solace in that fact. It didn’t leave him. It just died.

And a new sick hope began to bloom in both his mind and heart. An enticing thought danced its way through his thoughts from the back of his mind and into the forefront…

‘Yes, if I’m to lose you forever, and never have you again…’ Matthias grinned subtly in a pleased manner.

‘I’d rather kill you instead than leave me at all.’

“Duke Herhardt?” Dr. Etman called out worriedly again, eyeing the duke with more concern than before as Matthias began laughing to himself once more.

There was something ominous in this laugh, yet the doctor couldn’t put the finger on why that was. The doctor’s throat began to dry with nervousness.

And just like clockwork, the phone began to ring.


Chapter 120.




A Madman.







“Would you mind giving me a little privacy?” Matthias politely asked Dr. Etman as soon as he dropped the phone.

Dr. Etman pursed his lips, before sighing in resignation and did as he was told. Once he was out, in came Mark Evers. Matthias was given a run down of what the call had been about, before he summoned his attendant to the room.

And it seemed, his wait was finally over as he listened in to the full report of his attendant. Mark reported every detail carefully, in hushed tones. And Matthias eagerly listened to everything.

Bill Remmer appeared to have a distant relative currently residing in Lovita. And upon further prying, they managed to find a match on the description of their missing gardener and his mistress, who had arrived within their borders around the same time they disappeared.

Mark was unsure how this news would affect the Duke’s help. He’d been so unpredictable lately, he wasn’t even sure if he should be reporting this to the Duke. But he was a servant of the Herhardt house, he had no room in disobeying his master.

Perhaps this news will reinvigorate his master back to his usual condition.

“And where are they in Lovita?” Matthias finally asked as soon as Mark finished his report. The attendant squirmed under his intense gaze.

“I apologize, my Lord, but we haven’t gotten that information yet.”

“Then find out as soon as possible.” Matthias immediately commanded. He was outwardly calm, but Mark could begin to read the urgency in his orders. It must be something in his attitude, but he knew that his master was slowly making its way back to his usual self…

Even if something was a little off about him as well.

And then the Duke graced him a smile, and Mark retracted his earlier statement of something being off.

Instead he felt ashamed thinking so ill of his master.


It was a beautiful smile, much like a child finally getting their present. Still, as soon as Mark left the room to continue their search for Mr. Remmer and his foster daughter, he couldn’t help but shiver, feeling relieved he was out of the room.

For a second there, he thought his master had become a madman.











As soon as Uncle Bill had arrived, he carefully placed a box in the middle of the table. Leyla had come over to look at what he’d brought home, and saw a brown leather bag in the box.

At first glance it looked good, but upon closer inspection, she could see the intricate and delicate work done on it during its creation. It was simply beautiful!

“Wow.” She gasped softly, eyes mesmerized at the work. “What’s this?” she asked him, and he smiled at her.

“It’s a present,” he grinned, “For you.”

Leyla’s eyes widened.

“For me?” she gasped, “Why a present for me all of a sudden?”

“Should I need a reason to give you one?” Bill hummed teasingly at her, and Leyla couldn’t help but feel warm inside her. Eventually Bill’s smile turned sheepish as he nervously rubbed the back of his neck.

“But, if you really must know, it’s more of a belated birthday gift really.” Bill admitted, “I couldn’t give you one on your actual birthday this year after all.” He smiled sadly, and Leyla smiled at him.

Now that she thought about it, she forgot her birthday had passed as well. So many things happened when the spring had begun to come, she eventually forgot it along with the process to forget a great many things.

“Well, I thank you for being so thoughtful, but don’t you think this is a bit much?” She asked worriedly despite being happy she was being given something beautiful.

“I know it looks expensive, but it actually wasn’t. So it’s not too much at all.”

“I don’t believe you.”


“Well tough luck, because you’re just going to have to take my word for it.” Bill said as he smiled at her. He then gestured back to the back, “So, how do you like it? If you don’t want it, I guess you can always just toss it over to the sea.” He mumbled softly, his smile diminishing to a small one in insecurity.

Immediately Leyla grabbed the bag in fright and hugged it close, before inspecting it more closely.

“There’s no way this isn’t expensive.” She insisted, and Bill shrugged.

“But do you like it, or not?” Bill asked again, cutting Leyla in the process when he noticed her opening her mouth again in protest. “Otherwise if you just keep asking me for its price, I might as well just throw it to the sea to prove a point of how it’s not expensive.”

Leyla still kept looking worriedly over at him as she eyed the bag skeptically. Bill sighed and sat down on the table, indicating Leyla did the same. She did as he requested, and he gave her a gentle smile.

“Do you know why I know it’s not expensive?” Bill asked her with a smile, and she nibbled her lips and shook his head. “I’ll tell you.”

Bill explained to her it’s not the worth of things that indicated how expensive a thing was. He bought it because he knew its quality, and it was a great one. And in life, nothing in great quality is too expensive. He knew this bag would be used over and over again. Carrying things Leyla would need in life, and using it for more years to come.

“So I hope you never worry again about the cost of every little gift I give you Leyla. I don’t want you to live like that. Life is supposed to be lived to the fullest, and make you happy. And all I ever wanted for you, was to be happy with your life.” Bill finished, and gently patted her on the head like he did when she was a child.

It was also an apology gift as well for Bill. He’d been so upset to have been so blinded by her troubles in his stubbornness to believe everything was okay with her, he couldn’t stop thinking of how he’d failed her so badly.

He kept a close watch over her nowadays, and compared to before, he wasn’t so blind to the obvious agony she’d been showcasing ever since leaving Arvis. Moving to Lovita, and suddenly living in Sienna couldn’t have made the transition so easy as well under the circumstances of why they had to leave secretly.

He wanted to see her happy, even for a little bit.

It was odd, despite knowing she’s all grown up, knowing what horrors she had to go through. He couldn’t help but see her as a child. Sometimes, she still was, like she’s still stuck in that mindset of anxiousness and fear.

It was heartbreaking for him how he could never help her fully.


He watched as Leyla looked at the bag in a new light, and was now looking at it like she did before. In wonderment.

“So, will you accept it now, wholeheartedly?” Bill asked her softly, watching her fingers trace over the stitchings at the seams. “I heard this weekend will be nice,” Bill suddenly piped up, “It’s not bad to go out and have a picnic together, don’t you think?” He hummed thoughtfully.

Picnics weren’t really his forte, but when he saw Leyla brighten up at the idea and nod enthusiastically, he found himself determined to make it their best one.

“Yes uncle.” She grinned and grabbed his hand tightly. “Let’s go on a picnic this weekend.”

And when the weekend came, and everything was prepared, Bill and Leyla went out of their small apartment and walked hand in hand. She clung onto him eagerly like she always did as a child. Bill couldn’t find it in himself to pull away from her grasp.

Not when she was so happy.

“Oh! Leyla, are you going out with your father?” Their downstairs neighbor called out when she saw them going down. They both stopped and exchanged a few short pleasantries, and when they pulled away, Bill noted one small thing.

“Leyla,” Bill called out softly, and Leyla hummed in acknowledgement, “You didn’t correct her.”

“About what?”

“When she called me your father.”

Leyla pursed her lips and shrugged. It wasn’t news to her. Most people here thought they were indeed father and daughter, and Leyla never once felt the need to correct them. But now that her uncle was asking about it, she couldn’t help but feel self-conscious, her grip on him tightening up absent-mindedly.

She looked at Bill nervously to gauge out his reaction.

Meanwhile, Bill couldn’t help but feel worse than before.

Him, Leyla’s father? A poor man who’d sold this wonderful child to a terrible man like a Duke, while he went on and enjoyed the fruits of her suffering?

How could he call himself her father? How could anyone call him one? Granted he didn’t know what he’d been paying with every favor the Duke granted him with, but it didn’t help the overwhelming shame he had on himself for being so gullible!

He didn’t deserve to be called her father.

The rest of the walk went on in tense silence, the furthermore Bill agonized over with the thought of his failings in taking care and protecting her. He tried to ease her worry about him, telling her he wasn’t


upset to be called her father, and Leyla’s smile returned and went on to share a great many things she had been experiencing since coming to Lovita.

But every food swallowed was like a rock going down his throat, every step felt like a noose tightening up around his neck. The gravity of his ignorance worsened with the knowledge she saw him as her father.

A bittersweet revelation it was.

He was proud to call her his daughter as well, but he wasn’t too proud to be called her father.

They finally arrived at the beach, and saw how festive it was!

The sands were white and beautiful, as blue waves gently crashed over at the shoreline. They could see carts lined up with flowers and food on the sides. Bill wordlessly led her to the ice cream stand, and bought them both a cone.

He knew Leyla had trouble keeping down food lately, but she gobbled the ice cream up enthusiastically anyway.

They walked and talked, enjoying the sea breeze through their hair. At one point Leyla opted to remove her shoes to feel the fine sand beneath her soles, wiggling her toes until they were buried with white.

She went ahead and revelled in the feel of the beach as Bill watched her go ahead and have fun by herself.

He chuckled in merriment at watching her. This was how she should always be.

Happy.

Both lost track of time, each of them having fun in their own ways before they eventually decided it was high time they returned home. Come next day, when both are seated at the breakfast table, having laughs and making jokes on the mild aches all over their bodies, Bill found something in his chest beginning to settle, something he’d been unable to do since yesterday.

It didn’t matter what he was called, in the end, a title is just a title. The essence of him and Leyla, that was what mattered.

And they’d always been, and will be, family. And that was a real thing, and it was beautiful, and something to be proud of.

Now that he was out of his thoughts, and back to being attentive, he’d recognized something different from the way Leyla kept looking at him. Like she’s still worried about something, and wasn’t sure how to fix it.

“Leyla, do you want to ask me anything?” Bill asked her with concern, and she smiled at him tightly and shook her head.

“No, there isn’t anything.” She replied. Bill smiled back at her and rubbed his hands together.

“Well then, here’s to another week for work! Come on now, we don’t wanna be late.” Bill piped up jovially before getting up and getting ready to work. He couldn’t figure out what it was that could be making her worried.

Eventually the two left their home, and began to walk together to their respective works. Once they entered the square, and reached the fork in the road, they noticed a large crowd had gathered around the front of the city hall.

Certain crying and wailing of mothers and women could be heard, making Leyla look at them in worry.

“I’ll go ahead and have a look.” Bill grunted off quietly to her, and she nodded.

Leyla’s eyes were sweeping over the broken-off crowd, and couldn’t help the churning pit in her stomach return. Somehow, she knew this wasn’t the nausea about to come.

The entire ambiance in the square had drastically changed. It was normally so vibrant and full of life, but now, it was like Leyla had just entered a funeral. She hurriedly began to follow her uncle through the crowd, the sobbing and low murmurs of reassurances they’d be fine were beginning to louden around her…

Leyla gasped as her stomach dropped upon reading the announcement in the hall.

There was a war happening. And all men were being conscripted to join the military.








“Look if you’re seriously ill, then just postpone the wedding.” Count Brandt huffed out as he stared down at his daughter, “Also, while I understand image is everything, surely marrying someone while sick isn’t so detrimental to your reputation.” He pointed out.

Ice clanking down a glass could be heard as Claudine carefully poured some punch in the glass and took careful sips as her mother lounged a few seats beside her.

“I’m not sick.” Claudine firmly replied, a little incensed that her father thought she’d gotten sick from Matthias’ illness when she’d visited. She proceeded to look out in the gardens, mind still reeling with anger over Matthias’ decision.

“Well, you’re getting thin, hardly sleeping, hardly eating.” Count Brandt persisted, “Last I heard, the Duke had the same symptoms.” He grumbled worriedly.


“Even if I was seriously ill, it’s more impertinent to proceed with the wedding as soon as possible and not delay it.” Claudine all but snapped at him, before breathing deeply to calm herself. Losing her temper with her father was not proper.

The wedding last summer should not have been postponed. She realized now the error of the decision. She should have made the wedding push through, instead here she was, now suffering the consequences of her lack of foresight.

Matthias had the audacity to give her a week to make the announcement, even went as far to tell her he’ll go along with whatever story they wanted to say, like make it so the Brandts were the one who decided to break off the engagement.

He would not be deterred by anything, and made no reaction to whatever she said.

He truly had gone mad.

Just thinking about him more made her blood boil at his continued indifference to her revelations and what she’d told Leyla.

How he helped Mrs. Etman orchestrated the fallout of Leyla and Kyle’s engagement, how he practically trampled over Leyla’s dignity and hard work by making her his mistress.

Yet all he had was a peaceful calm, hardly bothered by his heinous deeds. He simply told her again that she had a week to accept their broken off engagement.

“Oh truly, I’m so worried for you Claudine, what if you’ve really gotten his illness? Think of your health! How will you bear children if you’re so ill!”

Claudine shot her father a dry glare as he continued to fret and pace. Oh the small worries of a man. She couldn’t help but mildly wish she could see into their brains and pry it open, seeing what other trivial worries they had in their shallow minds.

Then again, should she feign illness after all? If such an illness did exist, it might be beneficial to do so. Still…

“I will be married.” Claudine told her parents confidently.

She planned to still get married to the Duke. She hates the duke to the point she’s practically sick and tired of talking about him, but she’d given up so much. This wedding will happen, if only to tie down Matthias to her misery as well.

But the question now is how? How will she secure the wedding?

Matthias had made it clear nothing would stop him from getting what he wanted. Even clearer, he can do anything he wants. If the Brandts don’t make use of the week of grace he’d given her, she had little doubt he’ll go on and make the announcement himself that they had broken up.

‘All because of a lowly orphan girl.’ Claudine seethed as she took more sips from her punch.

Suddenly, a commotion came barreling in the form of a maid, frantically calling for them! Claudine looked at her parents with some slight alarm, before the maid burst through the doors of their drawing-room, looking positively panicked.

“My Lord! My Ladies!” She greeted, curtseying quickly, before straightening up once more.

It was Mary. Claudine had known her for a long time, and she knew the loyal maid hardly acted frantic with anything. She was normally so calm…

But now she was only pale.

“What’s happened?”

“Why are you making such noise?”

Her mother and father asked her. Mary eventually burst into panicked sobs as she held out a declaration for them to see.

“There’s been a war!” She wailed, “A war is currently happening!”


Chapter 121.




Two News.







The war that had broken out happened between two countries. Eventually, it began to spread out to every neighboring land throughout the continent.

When the leader of the Confederation, who lived in Lovita, declared war against the Berg Empire, who held massive power-up in the north, they were immediately met with an active response. It was almost like they had been waiting for a war to happen.

And it quickly divided the continent into two major factions, actively dividing everyone.

When the Emperor of Berg made a declaration to mobilize his army, a somber tone befell the Empire. Everyone was worried about the war…

Except one.

On the day of the declaration, another news made its way to Matthias, and with it, his spirits seemed to rise in response.

He’d gotten word about the area where Bill Remmer’s relatives had been residing. It was just off the southern border of Lovita, by the coastal city of Sienna. It was as far as they got, but largely eliminated a wide area of his search.

Further investigations were difficult to do ever since the war broke out. This was unfortunate because a large part of his resources and task force to find Leyla had to be reappropriated.

Still, he found himself satisfied. It will only be a matter of time before he has her again. All that’s left for him to do, is get to Lovita.

“Captain Herhardt, are you certain about this?” a commander quickly asked him in concern as he stood in front of the Duke. Matthias only nodded, his face full of seriousness. “You’re heading off into another battlefield, Captain.”

“I know.” Matthias replied calmly.

If he truly wanted to, Matthias could always pull some strings and get assigned to the rear supply units in the army. The commander had also suggested it, but Matthias had been insistent. He wanted to be on the front lines.


“I’ll be assigned to Sienna then.” Matthias declared, and the elder general, who’d also been in attendance in their meeting, gave him a tight smile. The general could see that Matthias could not be persuaded to sit out in this war.

If approved, Matthias will be given command over the 6th Army of the Berg Empire. There, they were tasked to break through the western forces occupying Lovita’s main navy. Which made their end goal to reach Sienna.

Once Berg’s army seized and occupied Sienna, most of the Confederate’s armed forces, as well as Lovita’s army, would be greatly diminished.

And Matthias would be closer to his goal as well.

“I won’t stop you if you’re certain you can handle this task.” The general sighed and gave Matthias his stamp of approval. “I will trust you can handle this.” He gave the Duke a pointed glance, “After all, you’re a Herhardt.”

Matthias nodded in affirmation, his hands twitching subtly in excitement.

The Herhardt name alone carried a lot of credibilities. Time and time again, the Herhardts had always been quick to offer their services whenever the Empire needed them. They were known widely for their loyalty, but also for their honor and glory in victories in the name of the Berg Empire.

And Matthias certainly seemed to be no different than his predecessors, eager to serve his Empire.

After the meeting, Matthias couldn’t help but feel elated, his footsteps light as he passed through many nobles who had offered to serve in the war effort as well. Everyone glanced at him as he passed by in a mix of admiration and intimidation.

To the rest, he seemed as though he’d just been to a calming walk, not from the war council. Stirrings amongst the crowd who’d seen him began to talk about his sudden return from his reclusion as soon as he disappeared in front of them.

“I heard he was dying!”

“I heard he’s just exhausted.”

“No, they said he’s gravely ill, he even had to take a break from his duties didn’t he?”

“I don’t think he was that sick.”

“Even so, why does he look so happy? It’s war.”

“Maybe they have a munitions business?”

“I don’t think they do.”

“I bet the Herhardts have everything though.”

“Yeah, I mean, look at him! He looks like he’s going to a picnic instead of being dragged to a battlefield!”

“Maybe he’s just born with good luck? I heard his ancestors weren’t that lucky to avoid gunshots and being stabbed in wars.”

“Hey, come on now, he isn’t our enemy here.”

On and on these conversations took place the more nervous the men in the army became with the ongoing war. Eventually, these heated exchanges managed to calm down after a few hours as soon as everyone got everything out in their chest.

Soon the silence befell over the camp, and a somber air blanketed the army.

It was an air of quiet fear that remained unbroken.








“This doesn’t make sense,” low mutterings emitted from the Duchess, her heels clacking in the background, “How could this happen?”

Elysee von Herhardt had been pacing back and forth muttering and fretting over the recent events as she struggled to hold back tears, before finally bursting into frantic sobs. A few short moments later, she managed to calm down and addressed her son.

“How could such war happen in such a prosperous era?” She asked him worriedly, “Matthias, what do you know?!”

Her red rimmed eyes stared worriedly and frighteningly at her son. There wasn’t a single dry eye in the room from the ladies, including the old matriarch Duchess, Lady Norma.

Except for Matthias. He was looking as indifferent as ever, despite knowing he had to participate in the war soon. He was calm, even as he received news of the war. Instead, he only had a pleasant smile in response to their worries.

“Well, there’s nothing much to worry about,” he began to say with a placating smile, “Most of the battle will be isolated in the Borders between Berg and Lovita, there’s no reason why it would even reach Arvis.” He helpfully supplied.

He proceeded to explain that while it may have seemed so sudden for such a war to break out, it wasn’t as though it had been unexpected. The war clouds between the two regions had been there for years, which was why the military from both sides had been so ready, as such they were all sufficiently prepared with the right countermeasures.


“Also it wouldn’t affect many of our businesses,” Matthias added thoughtfully, still in a completely calm voice, “I doubt the war would reach overseas even and affect our oil fields. So our profits won’t be lessened considerably. Although the plans in Carlsbar needed to be put on hold, I suppose it’ll be resumed as soon as the war is over.” He finished confidently.

It was one of the first things Matthias did as soon as word of the war finally happening reached him. He immediately began to check their stocks, and reappropriate their assets in a way their loss would be greatly mitigated. In such chaotic times, it was beneficial to keep a cool head.

It was also the first time Matthias revealed himself to society after the war had officially begun. In the midst of clear panic, Matthias was visibly fine, despite his pale complexion. He was all calm and grace, actively preparing his part for the war.

He was thinner, yes, and maybe less pristine than before, but he was a far cry from the image of a lethargic, sick man. Which led many to believe he was finally beginning to recover.

“Every company that Herhardt owns has its own system, so my absence won’t have much impact. We have a new system in place.” He finally surmised, looking at them expectantly as if that was all that encompassed their concern.

Elysee was quick to follow up on what really concerned her the most.

“Our companies are important, yes, but I’d like to know what you plan on doing? If you’re headed off to war, shouldn’t you and Claudine just move up your marriage and finally get it done already?” His mother fretted, and Norma released a loud sigh as she finally decided to take part in the discussion.

“It’ll be hectic to hold a wedding in such grievous times,” the old Duchess began, “But I do agree with your mother’s sentiments.” She looked at her grandson with great worry, “If a wedding should still happen, it must happen before you go to war.”

“Is it succession you’re worried about?” Matthias hummed thoughtfully, his eyes raking over his predecessors’ paintings on the drawing-room walls, “I don’t think it would be proper to marry anyone that quickly.”

He proceeded to explain that even if he were to marry before he’d go to war and copulate with his wife, there would be no guarantee his seed would have taken quick enough to ensure their line continues on even if he were to die in this war. It was simply not rational to do.

“But Matthias-” Elysee began to protest, but he quickly cut his mother off.

“Besides, even if I were to die, that would only leave Lady Brandt as my widow. I don’t think that’ll be an entirely good name to leave with Claudine, and the Brandt family.” Matthias finished quickly.

Even as he mentioned dying, Matthias appeared to be completely unbothered by the prospect. He truly was the face of the perfect and responsible Duke of Arvis.

As if sensing their resistance to the idea of him not returning, he decided to retract his statement.

“Besides, you both don’t need to worry about me not returning.” Matthias told them with a pleasant smile, “As a Herhardt, I will make it my mission to return to Arvis safely. Still, it doesn’t help to be prepared, so maybe we should look to our living relatives as to who would be most fit to be next in line as Duke should I pass on.”

Both Duchesses fell silent, listening to Matthias rattle off about his many countermeasures in case he did in fact, never return to them. And for the first time, when Elysee looked at her son in a long time, there was a sudden sharp pang in her chest.

Her son had always been exceptional; she knew that. He had all the power and influence only a good name could buy.

But as the pang in her chest persisted, she couldn’t help but wonder.

Was he truly satisfied with his life?

Tears pin prick in her eyes once more, building up more and more as she struggled to keep the composure of a strong mother for a strong Duke. Unable to listen more to Matthias countermeasures, she immediately got up on her feet and strode even closer to her son, reaching up, to grasp him by the shoulders tightly.

Matthias fell silent as he looked indifferently at his mother, blinking owlishly down at her.

“Do you really have to go to war?” She tearfully asked him. This wasn’t the first Herhardt she had to see go to war.

“Your grandfather, my husband, had been willing to give their life up for the war, for the Empire.” Norma suddenly said, as she too looked at Matthias earnestly.

“Your father, my son, had been just the same too.” She added with a despondent smile on her face, as though she remembered a nostalgic memory. “I know the importance of reputation, of honor…” She trailed off.

Herhardts had died in the name of the Empire. Every Herhardt before Matthias had been proud to bear the weight of the duty in service to their country. It was what made their house great. It was what the Herhardts had been known for in generations.

“I am proud of them, proud to be a Herhardt, don’t mistake it for anything else.” Norma continued with a shaky breath, before determination went back in her eyes as she recalled receiving the news her son had died.

“But I hope with everything, you, Matthias, would be the one to break that cycle, and grow old and gray, and have a portrait of you, all silver-haired, placed inside these walls.”


Norma’s eyes raked over the many young and dark haired Herhardts. All of them died young, barely into the peaks of their lives before tragically being ripped away from life during battle. It had been painful to see her husband join them.

It had been hell to see her son follow in suit as well.

A gentle yet firm grip on her shoulder alerted her that someone was near. And when Norma looked up, she could see Elysee smiling gratefully at her for wording out what she couldn’t bear to say to her son. Norma smiled back, before gesturing for her grandson to draw close.

Matthias looked to both his grandmother and mother skeptically before doing so, and sat beside his grandmother. Norma smiled at him, sighing as she glanced on her grandson’s hair, before running a wrinkled hand over his dark locks.

Not even a gray hair in sight.

“I completely forbid you to die like this, you hear me?” Norma huffed out authoritatively, “Your hair should be as gray as mine before you even begin to entertain thoughts of you dying.”

Matthias glanced at his mother and grandmother simultaneously, before smiling genuinely at them.

‘I understand grandmother,” He looked to Elysee, “And mother.”

His smile widened subtly after a moment, completely unbeknownst to the two duchesses.

“I’ll do just that.”








“You must be so happy, having avoided marriage completely without further questions.” Claudine smiled sarcastically towards him as soon as her family left the two of them alone in the drawing-room.

Though the engagement wasn’t completely broken off, only postponed until further notice. Suffice to say, it wasn’t as if Claudine insisted on having the wedding anyway despite the plausible reasons Matthias gave her family and his.

Still, with the countermeasure Matthias had put in place, even if she was to marry him now, and she did, in fact, become his widow, the title of Duke would be passed on to his next living cousin.

So she’d still be powerless, which was entirely the point of their marriage.


And so Count Brandt accepted having the wedding postponed until the war was over. No one even had the heart to complain about the sudden situation and the impending disgrace Claudine would suffer if her husband were to die in war prematurely.

And of course, Matthias played it off that postponing the marriage was more inconvenient to the Herhardt family, seeing as they were leaving the house with no secure way to leave behind a successor. He even went as far as to say it was a decision made out of respect for the Brandts and Claudine’s situation.

Claudine couldn’t help but scoff at his wording. Respect?

“Ah well, what a tragedy the war truly is, my Lady.” Matthias responded to her with a pleasant smile of his own.

He still looked half as crazy as he did when he expressed his intention to break off their engagement. Outwardly though, he had resumed his usual image of the perfect Duke Herhardt, but Claudine was hardly blind to the underlying madness in her still fiance.

He was still the same madman as ever.

“I hope you still remember what I said.” Claudine glared at him icily, “I have no plans to break off our engagement, the war doesn’t change anything. So I will wait, and once you do return alive, we’ll have the wedding ceremony immediately.”

“I think it would be better for you, and your family, to end the engagement.” Matthias mused thoughtfully, “You can use the war as your excuse.”

“Oh how absolutely thoughtful of you,” Claudine smiled tightly towards him, “To be so concerned about my family and me.”

She let out a sigh, pursing her lips critically over to him, meeting his dry gaze with a determined one of her own.

“Do you really think breaking off your engagement with me would make Leyla return?” She asked him again, before chuckling gracefully and sighing despondently for him, “Poor Duke, he still doesn’t get it.” She leaned closer to him…

“She’ll never return, not because of our engagement, oh no.” Claudine clicked her tongue chidingly, “She won’t return, because of you.”

And Claudine’s eyes hardened once more as she glared subtly into Matthias’ eyes.

“So if you go now, to war and erase all chances of the Herhardt line ever surviving at all, you’ll always be just another monster with cold blood.”
